Title: EMEA Senior Marketing Manager – Technology
Full Description: Have you got a strong marketing program background? Established for over 25 years our client is a leading UK technology business. In 2010 they completed a successful merger which has crystallised them as the ‘provider of choice’ for the solutions they provide and pushed their business further into Europe. So what will this role involve? Reporting into the Marketing Director, this role is responsible for creating executing a wide variety of marketing programs/campaigns to drive business opportunities into the sales pipeline. Day to day your activities will include:  Strategy; research competitors, markets and customer pain points to help create meaningful topics for marketing campaigns.  Data; segment database to provide well qualified lists to use in campaigns.  Campaign Execution; using Salesforce.com and email automation to drive through effective direct marketing campaigns, monitoring ROI. Creating a strong call to action and manage their webinar series.  Alliances; create opportunities to drive campaigns through partners alliances.  Sales Support; working with marcoms teams to ensure sales have the right tools. What must you bring? With a heavy focus on lead generation or program marketing, you’ll be a senior marketer with excellent manmanagement skills having made an impact in a B2B environment.  Experienced manmanager  Demonstrable experience of executing panEuropean campaigns  A track record of working in the B2B space, ideally in the technology space  Heavy focus on emarketing, lead generation and lead nurturing  Experience of running webinars  Ability to engage and get buy in from senior stakeholders  Degree educated So why should you apply? Their technology has a strong compelling story. Salary: ****  **** basic  10% bonus  benefits. If this vacancy interests you we’d be delighted to hear from you. Please send a copy of your CV to jobsmarkitrecruitment.co.uk or give Matt Dodgson a call on **** **** 279. Markit Recruitment is a boutique marketing recruitment agency focused exclusively on connecting great marketeers and product managers with a wide range of B2B businesses. In the main the roles we find ourselves recruiting for cover; product management, product marketing, channel/partner marketing, demand generation, online marketing and marketing communications. Regretfully due to the high volume of CV’s we receive, we’re only able to contact successful candidates. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/EMEASeniorMarketingManagerTechnology_job****
