Title: MARKETING COMMUNICATIONS MANAGER
Full Description: MARKETING COMMUNICATIONS MANAGER LOCATION: DONCASTER, ROTHERHAM, SHEFFIELD SALARY AND BENEFITS: **** TO **** DEPENDING ON EXPERIENCE PLUS A CAR SUMMARY: This is an excellent opportunity for an experienced Marketing Communications candidate either looking for their next career challenge or a fresh opportunity to join a market leading manufacturing business. You will have the ability to translate robust marketing strategies into tactical marketing plans. You will also have excellent communication and stakeholder management skills which, is why you will ideally need at least 5 years marketing communications experience. You will have experience of promoting commercial initiatives and new product introductions to trade partners and the media. The right candidate will also have experience of working closely with a sales team to brief on marketing initiatives for them to present effectively to clients COMPANY INFORMATION:  Market leading manufacturing company YOU MUST HAVE THE FOLLOWING:  You will have strong business acumen to establish clear priorities for actions and to increase the performance and profitability of the business  Have the ability to communicate effectively and convey information and ideas through to individuals and groups.  Experience of developing and communicating strategies and goals that help achieve a competitive advantage.  Being able to demonstrate a clear understanding of the organisation's strengths, weaknesses, opportunities and threats. ROLE INFORMATION:  Developing commercial initiatives and promotions with the firm's trading partners  Holding regular meetings with business partners to communicate the company's marketing initiatives.  Developing and managing an internet trading strategy in conjunction with the business partners  Commissioning specific marketing literature and point of sale material  Developing effective sales tools for the sales team  Managing the internal communication of new products and initiatives to the sales team  working alongside the Product Managers  Managing all PR activity and the annual marketing budget If you would like to apply for this role please forward your CV preferably in Microsoft Word format to hulledwardsandpearce.co.uk THE RECRUITMENT CONSULTANCY  Edwards Pearce are a professional recruitment consultancy  Established in 1998  Employ approx **** staff  2 offices in Doncaster Hull  Edwards Pearce operates according to a strict ethical code and aims to offer both candidates and clients the highest levels of professionalism and customer service.  Edwards Pearce have a strong client base incorporating large groups and SME's across all manufacturing and service sectors, and are on the preferred supplier lists of a number of blue chip organisations. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/MARKETINGCOMMUNICATIONSMANAGER_job****
