Title: Marketing Manager
Full Description: Marketing Manager Bath to ****k A need for good Online/Digital experience is essential. If you have experience in creative services management too that would be interesting. An exciting opening for a Marketing Manager to join an International organisation in the Somerset/Bath region. An opportunity to really make a difference to the direction of the company. It s a fast paced, niche company; we are looking for someone who is confident, independent and has an integrated marketing background, including a really strong digital understanding, due to the nature of the business being online focussed. You should have a personal track record of managing every aspect of the marketing mix, from exhibitions to research, with proven success in managing online campaigns and activities. You ll enjoy contributing to strategy, but really thrive on organising and executing the detail with flair. Duties will include: Website enquiries, referrals, membership and monitoring of traffic Brand awareness Sales lead generation Manage the international exhibition schedule: Write plans for each exhibition highlighting key objectives, schedules, and contingency plans and followup with results Book all requirements: booth space, furniture, marketing materials and staff Regular CRM reporting Regular reporting on lead generation Coordinate the sales promotional plan Manage sales materials, e.g. media pack PR: o Coordinate PR activities: create pr database, send out/followup pr o Coordinate applications for external awards o Manage and coordinate awards and associated PR Manage marketing materials o Produce/print materials via external designers/printers o Identify new materials and suppliers With a strong hold on international clients the company have ambitious plans to develop new markets. There will be excellent opportunities for progression and international travel. You should be able demonstrate a solid career within Marketing. Experience in the field of publishing would be ideal too. Marketing Manager, Bath ****k, Digital, Online, Publishing. Pure Marketing Recruitment specialise in Marketing, PR, Creative and Digital Recruitment. We work on both agency and client side roles, encompassing all spectrums of the creative markets including Advertising, Branding, Design, Digital, DM / CRM, Experiential, Integrated, Market Research, Promotional Marketing Public Relations. From Account Executives, Account Manager to Account Directors, Project Managers, Client Service Directors, Production Managers, Planners, Graphic Designers, Creative Directors, Art Directors, Artworkers, Developers, Digital Designers, PR Account Executives to Directors. And all manner of clientside roles from Marketing Assistant/Executive to Marketing Manager/Director, Insight/CRM, Market Research, SEO/PPC Manager, Media Relations/Press Officers, Brand and Product Managers.
