Title: Senior Pharmaceutical Product Manager
Full Description: Key role responsibilities will include: Marketing In discussion with other members of the team, propose the business objectives for specific products, realistic sales forecasts and be aware of the budgetary constraints internally and NHS constraints externally. Plan, organise, implement and monitor promotional campaigns with Sales and Marketing Management to ensure that sales forecast is achieved. Ensure campaigns are in line with broader Dermatology and companywide objectives. Ensure ongoing familiarity with market intelligence information. Enlist help of market research personnel. Have an in depth knowledge of the therapeutic area and the market in general using information gathered from a variety of sources. Liaise with Advertising Agencies and AV Agencies to ensure that promotional literature and AV material is relevant and within statutory controls. Attend sales conferences and ensure that the Sales Force is fully aware of the promotional message by presentations and meetings with them. Engender a sense of excitement to ensure mobilisation of the Sales Force. Budgetary Control Provide input to the annual budget. Monthly tracking of the budget to ensure that all activities undertaken are kept within budgetary limits. Relationship Management Attend group marketing meetings in Denmark or other countries as required. Liaise with Medical Consultants, GP’s and Nurses and other identified stakeholders within the therapeutic area to keep abreast of current opinion leaders and environmental changes affecting the therapy area. Facilitate twoway communication with Sales Force Management and Sales Force to ensure understanding of the campaign objectives, chosen promotional mix and buyin to the calibre and effect of promotional campaigns. Liaise with Advertising, PR, Med Ed and AV companies to ensure timely and accurate delivery of promotional and advertising material. Liaise with Medical Department personnel at an early stage for medical input into promotional campaigns and for signing off promotional material. Internal relationship management and development with the wider Marketing team, to include (but not limited to) corporate colleagues, Market Access, Public Affairs, Communications and Business Information. Personal Development Ensure that product knowledge is current by keeping abreast of all developments within the therapeutic area. Ensure that professional development is maintained. Ensure that personal development is maintained by on the job training and relevant external courses or qualifications as determined between yourself and your manager. Ensure that IT skills are maintained and be familiar with all software/information systems available within the Sales/Marketing and Market Intelligence Department. Competencies The preferred candidate will be educated to degree level or equivalent, ideally with demostrable success as a sales representative in the Pharmaceutical industry. They will have a CIM qualification and 23 years' proven experience as a Product Manager, ideally including launch experience. They will be able to demonstrate project/programme management skills and be aware of and responsive to the changes in the environment, and able to translate these into a competitive advantage for the company. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SeniorPharmaceuticalProductManager_job****
