Title: Revenue/Pricing Analyst
Full Description: Our client is a leading travel company and they have a rare opportunity to join a business moving towards dynamically pricing product. Working with their Global Award Winning Analytics team, they have developed bespoke analytical capabilities to enable them to continue to lead moving their industry forward, they`re looking for experienced revenue analysts to join their pricing team. This role is responsible for maximising the revenue of destinations, through excellent analytical skills and informed pricing decisions. You will highlight risks and opportunities within the program to the marketing team, as well as communicating trading and revenue positions effectively. Responsibilities   Detailed knowledge of programme performance through daily analysis of sales revenue trends.  Communicate trading and revenue position through written and verbal communication to key stakeholders, highlighting threats, opportunities and proposed action.  Daily review of price recommendations, accepting and overriding where appropriate in line with trading analysis  quantitative understanding of price, margin and revenue impact across the booking season.  Create analyse price promotions where appropriate to drive incremental revenue; liaising with Product Coordinators to ensure effective marketing.  Communicate product related trends to Product Manager / Product coordinators, which can be factored into Portfolio plans and New Product Development initiatives with a view to maximising programme performance.  Create midline pricing in line with pricing trends.  Understanding of competitor price position and promotional price points.  Awareness of external factors which could impact trading position and pricing decisions; economic factors, regional events, etc.  Suggest and implement improved processes within the team. Candidates Requirements   An understanding of the principles of yield management.  Commercial ability to analyse statistics for informed decision making.  Strong analytical skills.  Intermediate MS excel skills.  Organised and methodical This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/RevenuePricingAnalyst_job****
