Title: Marketing Executive (Financial Services / Technology) Part Time
Full Description: Marketing Executive (Financial Services / Technology) Part Time Our client s mission is to be the leading provider of quality platform services to the UK investment market. Position: Marketing Executive Location: London with occasional travel to Chelmsford Salary: ****K pro rata (Approx ****K) Working Hours / Days: Mon/Tue/Wed 95pm ROLE: This role of the Marketing Executive is integral to delivering a customer experience which enables advisers to write business more easily, helping them to meet their commercial targets. As a Marketing Executive you are responsible for the production of marketing literature including: Application forms, Client mailings, Sales support materials and Clientspecific materials. The role will involve extensive liaison across the business with departments such as Sales, Proposition, Operations and Customer Experience. Also, liaison with their external design and artwork agencies will be a major part of the role. RESPONSIBILITIES: a) To, at all times, act in accordance with the FSA s Principles, Rules and Guidance and other relevant Legislation. b) Acts in accordance with all their policies and adheres to the code of conduct, specifically ensure that all Conflicts of Interest requirements are adhered to and acts in accordance with their governance requirements. c) Work alongside proposition and sales to deliver a market leading customer experience and meet business targets by jointly agreeing plans and deliverables. d) Building on plans developed, initiate, develop and deliver mandatory and nonmandatory platform collateral for use across both digital and offline channels. Ensure that these deliver a market leading customer interaction experience and meet their regulatory and legal requirements. e) Manage the expertise offered by external agencies and third parties to deliver high quality to budget and timescales. f) Ensure adherence to marketing best practice to ensure a high quality of work which meets their marketing policies such as record keeping, approval processes and quality control. g) Across all of the above, consider and pursue the best way to drive budgetary efficiencies, anticipate and reduce potential legacy and maintenance issues and deliver the best customer experience. h) Ensures that the FSA s requirements for Treating Customers Fairly are adhered to in all work processes. i) Undertake continual professional development relevant to role and in line with their minimum requirements. ESSENTIAL SKILLS / EXPERIENCE: a) Experience in a Marketing Executive role within a professional services environment, preferably financial services and/or technology marketing communications. b) Experience of working within a regulated environment is essential for this role. c) Good communication and presentation skills. d) Eye for detail. e) Customer focussed copywriting. f) Working with and influencing at all levels both internally and externally. g) Well organised, planning, prioritisation and coordination of other areas. h) Ability to translate their brand strategy into day to day deliverables. i) PC literate. DESIRABLE SKILLS / EXPERIENCE: a) Ideally a degree level qualification (in a Marketing subject would be preferable) or equivalent. You may have experience of the following: Marketing Executive, SEO, Account Executive, Product Manager, CRM, Brand Manager, Online Marketing Executive, Social Media, Copy Writing, Customer Relationship Management, EMail Marketing, New Media, PR, Online Digital Marketing Executive, LinkedIn, Payment Solutions, PPC, Marketing Strategy Executive, Product Marketing Consultant, Marcoms, eCommerce, Marketing Communications, Twitter, etc. This vacancy is being advertised by Easy Web Recruitment, the UK s leading Online Recruitment Agency. The services advertised by Easy Web Recruitment are those of an employment agency
