Title: Account Manager  Design
Full Description: Account Manager (Branding/Packaging/Design) ****k Bristol Our client, an innovative brand design agency, is looking for an additional Design led Account Manager They create and evolve products or brands that consumers love. They have a global FMCG client list but also some major FMCG brands that are closer to home. We are looking for an Account Manager who can work with an Account Director, across a variety of clients. You’ll be responsible for running your own packaging design projects; from taking the brief from the client, creating the proposal, overseeing the creative work and seeing the project through to fruition on brief, on time and on budget. You’ll be responsible for developing a great relationship with your clients, being the main point of contact for your projects, and be expected to generate income from that client. We’re looking for people that can help deliver consumer insight that leads to successful packaging design or innovation. Person specification This is a fantastic opportunity for anyone looking to build their career in a challenging strategic consultancy and who thrives in the ever changing account management environment. You need amazing attention to detail, to be supremely organised, a problem solver and a great communicator. You are confident, gregarious, enthusiastic, calm under pressure and passionate about the design Industry. You will have sufficient experience of running packaging design projects to enable you to pick up a project straight away and run with it  gained by at least 3 years’ experience at a design consultancy as an Account Executive or Account Manager. Bristol Design Agency, Packaging, Branding, ****k, FMCG Pure Marketing Recruitment specialise in Marketing, PR, Creative and Digital Recruitment.We work on both agency and client side roles, encompassing all spectrums of the creative markets including Advertising, Branding, Design, Digital, DM / CRM, Experiential, Integrated, Market Research, Promotional Marketing Public Relations. From Account Executives, Account Manager to Account Directors, Project Managers, Client Service Directors, Production Managers, Planners, Graphic Designers, Creative Directors, Art Directors, Artworkers, Developers, Digital Designers, PR Account Executives to Directors. And all manner of clientside roles – from Marketing Assistant/Executive to Marketing Manager/Director, Insight/CRM, Market Research, SEO/PPC Manager, Media Relations/Press Officers, Brand and Product Managers. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/AccountManagerDesign_job****
