Title: Product Manager
Full Description: The Company: An exciting opportunity for an experienced Product Manager to join a specialist electrical Importer/Distributer who have strong supplier relationships with the UK s leading retailers, providing product and category solutions. The Role: Key areas of responsibility AV and SDA. Keep updated on other key areas: Microwave and White Goods. Liaise with sales team to understand customer buy brief. Liaise with technical team to ensure all offers meet customer requirements. Liaise with China office to develop factory offers and maintenance of sourcing spreadsheet. Development and maintenance of product database/pricing hub. Completion of line forms and attribute forms. Coordinate packaging development. Keep sales team updated with key industry developments (licensing, new product legislation etc.). Liaise with supply colleagues regarding factory delays. Liaise with Product Technologist to ensure all product information is uploaded onto various web platforms and spare parts requirements for order and despatch. Responsible for web analytics tools, tracking and management information systems to monitor current online marketing campaign performance, seek out new opportunities and improve performance. Manage the ecommerce and IT team to ensure the correct prioritisation of all tasks and projects to ensure timely delivery. Set the product and category key performance targets inline with business requirements. Provide weekly and monthly analytical reports (as required) and implement change based on the site performance to maximise site traffic and coversion rates. Skills Required: Knowledge of industry standards and requirements e.g. technical requirements and standards, functionality, speed, download, video streaming etc. Commercially driven. Understanding and passionate about the sourcing and purchasing process. Clear understanding of commercial priorities. Excellent understanding of Excel, PowerPoint and Word. Ability to work to deadlines (and ensure others do so). Demonstrate excellent negotiation, organisation, communication and interpersonal skills. Managing a team. Good team player. Proven track record of delivering results in a fast moving environment. Good web and technical experience. Understanding and experience of implementing. Knowledge of the electronics trade preferable. Higher education preferable. Tagged Resources Limited acts as an employment agency. We have 25 years of Recruitment and Industry experience, working with Retail and Supply Chain markets and have various positions available. If this vacancy does not suit your experience and you are looking for a suitable role please look at our website or follow us on social networking sites. All are updated on a daily basis
