Title: Product Manager
Full Description: The Staff Hub is recruiting for a Product Manager for our client within the manufacturing industry. This client is well established and supplies goods to major retailers across the UK. The job is based near Worksop and is within commutable distance from Doncaster, Sheffield, and North Nottinghamshire. This job involves developing profitable new product lines alongside colleagues in manufacturing, engineering, purchasing and quality departments inhouse. Duties include:  Becoming the 'product expert' and handling the full new product development cycle from identifying a gap in the market, to costing up raw materials, product design, end price profit margin and marketing plan.  Researching and sourcing information on emerging customer needs and gaps in the market; analysing competitor activity and sharing this knowledge with colleagues.  Building relationships with external suppliers  Championing product updates and product redesigns  Liaising with the relevant external agencies to ensure strict legislation is met for all products  Advising on product copy for the company website  Working alongside another Product Manager and reporting to the Marketing Manager, you'll also create and produce copy for marketing literature and product literature. To be successful in your application you need to have experience in a similar role. Your current job title might be Brand Manager, Product Specialist, Product Expert or Product Manager and you may report into a marketing or product design/technical team. If you have experience in the medical sector or in new product development for major retailers this would be an advantage, as would a CIM qualification or relevant marketingrelated degree. In return my client is offering an excellent package with salary up to **** for the right candidate as well as 25 days holiday, contributory pension, health insurance scheme and free onsite parking. The Staff Hub is a specialist division of Brewster McBride Recruitment and is dedicated to the recruitment of permanent, temporary and contract office staff  covering jobs such as PA, Administrator, Marketing Manager, Buyer, Account Manager, Sales and Customer Service Advisor. The Staff Hub office locations are Doncaster and Leeds and we cover Doncaster, Rotherham, Sheffield, Worksop, Scunthorpe, Grimsby, Wakefield and Leeds. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ProductManager_job****
