Title: Digital Project Manager, Luxury/Retail Brands
Full Description: An exciting opportunity just in Multilingual publishing websites are complex and rapidly evolving, my client is making a significant investment into this area to grow as a market leader. With the recent launch of the new site an exciting role now exists to take ownership of existing projects and systems and also new projects planned. The company is an online platform that guides travelers around the world`s greatest shopping cities, showcasing the best stores, brands and experiences. They are now looking for a Project/product Manager to plan, execute, implement and finalize projects according to deadlines and within budget. This includes acquiring resources, training and coordinating the efforts of team members and thirdparty contractors or consultants in order to deliver projects according to agreed plan. The responsibilities would include:  Direct and manage project development from beginning to end.  Define project scope, goals and deliverables that support business goals in collaboration with senior management and stakeholders.  Develop fullscale project plans and associated communications documents sitemaps etc  Effectively communicate project expectations to team members and stakeholders in a timely and clear fashion.  Liaise with project stakeholders on an ongoing basis.  Estimate the resources and participants needed to achieve project goals.  Draft and submit budget proposals, and recommend subsequent budget changes where necessary.  Where required, negotiate with other department managers for the acquisition of required personnel from within the company.  Delegate tasks and responsibilities to appropriate personnel.  Identify and resolve issues and conflicts within the project team.  Identify and manage project dependencies and critical path.  Plan and schedule project timelines and milestones using appropriate tools.  Track project milestones and deliverables.  Develop and deliver progress reports, proposals, requirements documentation, and presentations.  Determine the frequency and content of status reports from the project team, analyze results, and troubleshoot problem areas.  Proactively manage changes in project scope, identify potential crises, and devise contingency plans in order to meet agreed project timelines.  Define project success criteria and disseminate them to involved parties throughout project life cycle.  Coach, mentor, motivate and supervise project team members and contractors, and influence them to take positive action and accountability for their assigned work.  Conduct project post mortems and create a recommendations report in order to identify successful and unsuccessful project elements.  Develop best practices and tools for project execution and management.  Provide training for existing or new product either directly or with 3rd parties Position Requirements  Ability to be able to write scoping/IA documents for all stakeholders  University degree or college diploma  Ability to work independently and part of a team  3 years direct work experience in a project management capacity, including all  aspects of process development and execution.  Familiarity with project management software, CMS, Ad servers, analytics, caching, site monitoring etc.  Familiar with programming languages / terminology  Competent and proficient understanding of platforms Escenic, Applicor.  Solid working knowledge of current Internet technologies  Demonstrated experience in personnel management.  Technically competent with various software programs  Experience at working both independently and in a teamoriented, collaborative environment is essential.  Can conform to shifting priorities, demands and timelines through analytical and problemsolving capabilities.  Reacts to project adjustments and alterations promptly and efficiently.  Flexible during times of change.  Ability to read communication styles of team members and contractors who come from a broad spectrum of disciplines.  Persuasive, encouraging, and motivating.  Ability to elicit cooperation from a wide variety of sources, including upper management, clients, and other departments.  Ability to defuse tension among project team, should it arise.  Ability to bring project to successful completion through political sensitivity.  Strong written and oral communication skills.  Strong interpersonal skills.  Adept at conducting research into projectrelated issues and products.  Must be able to learn, understand, and apply new technologies.  Ability to effectively prioritize and execute tasks in a high pressure environment is crucial. Work Conditions Prepare and carry out training sessions, presentations, and meetings. Some travel may be required for the purpose of meeting with clients, stakeholders, or offsite personnel/management. Multilingual an advantage If this sounds like the role for you, please contact Rachel Hawker ASAP Blue Skies Marketing Recruitment specialises in marketing jobs across Creative, PR, Clientside, Account Handling and Executive. We offer unrivalled opportunities across all specialisms and industry sectors, presenting you with only the best marketing jobs. Although we try to respond to all applications, the high number we receive means this isn`t always possible. If you have not heard from us within **** hours, please assume that your application has not been successful. For more information, visit www.blueskiescareers.co.uk and we`ll make sure we do our best to find you the perfect marketing role.
