Title: Product Manager  Insurance
Full Description: Product Manager ****  ****  Excellent Benefits Our client is a market leading, blue chip organisation offering a wide range of financial services. This is an excellent opportunity for an experienced product manager to further their career within a high profile organisation. You will join an already successful team to drive forward existing and future product development. The Role:  Evaluate and report on the performance of existing products to influence future initiatives and drive the business forward.  Generating actionable recommendations to improve existing products and develop new products to increase sales, retention or profitability of customers.  Provide useful insight to contribute to product development and marketing strategies, through the analysis of competitor products and market opportunities.  Construct and develop business plans recommending the feasibility of new initiatives, looking at specifications, communication plans and ROI. Key Requirements:  Proven experience within a product focused role AND/OR experience of project and stakeholder management within the insurance sector  The ability to make clear recommendations through both written and verbal communication.  Ability to forge effective business relationships with colleagues across a wide range of disciplines and levels of seniority.  The ideal candidate will be of graduate calibre with a drive to succeed, be proactive, well organised and be able to work autonomously while dealing with a heavy workload. This is an excellent opportunity within this well known financial services provider. If you are a results orientated product manager with an intuitive mind and strong commercial acumen then this could well be the move you're looking for. With the customer at the heart of everything this business does, this is a highly visible team and the opportunities for further growth and development are excellent. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ProductManagerInsurance_job****
