Title: Product Manager
Full Description: Product Manager ****  excellent benefits M3 Corridor TL**** This is a really super role for someone with health and beauty experience, ideally grooming, to take on a newly created Product Manager position responsible for men s grooming products. Working with the Marketing Manager, it will be the responsibility of this Product Manager to develop the NPD pipeline, analyse market opportunities and gather competitor intelligence. The Product Manager will liaise directly with suppliers to monitor product development progress, as well as R D teams regarding packaging briefs. If you want real accountability and you have previous beauty and/or electrical experience, then this could be a perfect next move Our Ideal Candidate Previous beauty and/or electrical experience is strongly preferred. You could be a heavyweight Assistant Product Manager ready for the jump up to Product Manager level, or you could be a Product Manager already looking to step into something new. Whichever you are, you will have excellent product marketing experience with first class communication skills and a highly collaborative nature. You will be experienced in the product development process and be able to demonstrate excellent project management skills. A real can do attitude is also a necessity. Company Profile Our client is a global leading player in the electrical beauty/grooming and household appliances sector. They are a progressive employer with excellent career development opportunities. If you are interested in applying for this position, please send your CV to Janine Darley, Tarsh Lazare Marketing Recruitment. Tarsh Lazare is committed to finding the right roles for talented candidates. We are a leading name in marketing recruitment and have significant marketing recruitment experience working with brand management, communications, category management and insight / research specialists. If you would like to discuss this role, or any other roles that might be suitable, please email or call one of the team now.
