Title: CRM/Email Marketing Consultant/Project Manager
Full Description: CRM Project Manager/email Marketing consultant Bath 1 month contract Flexible on salary Our client, a Digital/CRM Agency is looking for a CRM Project Manager to assist the team on a 1 months’ contract. You will be a Digital/CRM Project Manager or marketing consultant who has worked in an agency environment (for at least part of your digital career). You should be comfortable with the following;  Define project scope, create GANTT charts, objectives and deliverables that support business goals in collaboration with senior management and stakeholders  Develop online and offline B2B marketing projects including product announcements, incentive schemes, promotions, product updates, newsletters, email campaigns using in house system, web portals, social media groups, direct marketing campaigns, comarketing activities, promo events  Postproject and sales analysis. Raw data analysis and manipulation (MS Excel) in order to capture sales statistics, pipeline revenue, calculate ROI, performance comparisons and identify further requirements and provide recommendations  Present results and findings during regular international teleconferences and meetings  Create hard and soft marketing metrics and provide campaign results We are looking for someone with experience of using project management timing tools I.e. gantt charts, along with experience of liaising with ESP providers, email development (design build) and functional spec writing. Experience of integrating complex CRM projects would be preferable. This is an urgent start to send your CV ASAP to get the ball rolling. Pure Marketing Recruitment specialise in Marketing, PR, Creative and Digital Recruitment. We work on both agency and client side roles, encompassing all spectrums of the creative markets including Advertising, Branding, Design, Digital, DM / CRM, Experiential, Integrated, Market Research, Promotional Marketing Public Relations. From Account Executives, Account Manager to Account Directors, Project Managers, Client Service Directors, Production Managers, Planners, Graphic Designers, Creative Directors, Art Directors, Artworkers, Developers, Digital Designers, PR Account Executives to Directors. And all manner of clientside roles – from Marketing Assistant/Executive to Marketing Manager/Director, Insight/CRM, Market Research, SEO/PPC Manager, Media Relations/Press Officers, Brand and Product Managers. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/CRMEmailMarketingConsultantProjectManager_job****
