Title: European & US Campaign Manager – Technology
Full Description: Prefer an international marketing role with some travel? For over 15 years our client has built a business to become an international niche software player. With a range of solutions, the key to their success has been their ability to develop products that can be customized to the end user, giving them a bespoke solution at an off the peg price. This has led them to partner and work with some of the biggest names in business. So what will this role involve? As Campaign Manager you ll be working closely with your VP who is based abroad, and take ownership for campaigns in this stand alone role in the UK. Your role will be to shape and execute the marketing plan designed to build further awareness of their solutions across Europe and the US, as well as creating sales pipeline from your campaigns. Day to day you ll be: Working closely with the sales teams you ll generate leads by creating and executing direct marketing campaigns using their email software and CRM system. You ll also push forward their online marketing efforts by creating content for the website, writing blogs and news updates, optimising the site through SEO, creating social media activities and running webinars. And underlying all this you ll be revamping and maintaining their collateral, creating new case studies and organising events. What must you bring? Having worked in the UK market for a technology business in a marketing role, you ll now be looking for more ownership and responsibility. Comfortable in a standalone role you ll have a broad marketing background, covering online and offline channels. You ll bring: Strong data skills and knowledge of using a CRM system A lead generation skillset with an emphasis on emarketing Experience of the technology sector Ability to work independently, influence senior stakeholders and be a selfstarter A driven, sales orientated commercial approach to marketing So why should you apply? Loads of autonomy Salary: ****  **** basic  healthcare, pension, 24 days holiday If this vacancy interests you we d be delighted to hear from you. Please send a copy of your CV to jobsmarkitrecruitment.co.uk or give Ruth Beaney a call on **** **** 280. Markit Recruitment is a boutique marketing recruitment agency focused exclusively on connecting great marketeers and product managers with a wide range of B2B businesses. In the main the roles we find ourselves recruiting for cover; product management, product marketing, channel/partner marketing, demand generation, online marketing and marketing communications. Regretfully due to the high volume of CV s we receive, we re only able to contact successful candidates.
