Title: Associate Product Manager
Full Description: Insight UK is one of the world's largest and leading single source provider of IT products and services. From competitively priced computers, laptops, hardware and software to services ranging from basic configuration to advanced design implementation and financing, we solve the IT needs of businesses and organisations of all sizes. We currently have an exciting opporunity at our Uxbridge office for an Associate Product Manager. Duties of the role will include: Over see the production and workflow of the Next desk (PIMM) process to ensure the sla`s are met to the business Support the Catalogue production process in the absence of Product Managers or busy schedules Provide administrative support for the Bid desk and Product Management teams. Setting up and maintaining special bid SKUs and nonspecial bid SKUs. Products may be set up manually or by the use of the Automatic Product Code generation module. Setting up and maintenance of special order SKUs in line with sales requests, whilst adhering to Insight's policy for sku creation. Again SKUs may be set up manually or by the use of the Automatic Product Code Generation module. Maintenance of special bid SKU database to ensure that the catalogue of special bid SKUs in max are updated and discontinued in a timely manner. Responding to sales requests to source product that Insight does not have set up. Sourcing special order product directly from manufacturers or from distribution  this will require liaison with other members of the Product Management team. Requesting that new suppliers be set up to facilitate sourcing of special order product as necessary in line with Insight's supplier policy. Obtaining and negotiating pricing for special order products with suppliers. Maintenance of EDI mappings between Insight ERP system (currently Max) and EDI suppliers to support Automatic Product code generation. Collate and distribute required information ahead of team meetings Maintain the systems data integrity for the product codes within the business It is preferred that you have: Experience of technology products Experience of dealing with external suppliers Experience of using Adobe Acrobat This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/AssociateProductManager_job****
