Title: Product Manager
Full Description: A leading worldwide publishing organisation is looking for an experienced Product Manager to join a small, high profile and fast growing team. This role is key in the initiation, development and management of a suite of highly profitable online products and the post holder will act as the voice of the customer ensuring that customer requirements are at the heart of product development and management activities. The role is a multi faceted, technical position and requires you to be able to consider and articulate the strategic big picture , whilst being involved in the fine detail of product design and business case financial modelling and approval. You will need to posses both technical literacy and commercial acumen. In this role you will have ownership of product lifecycle, strategy and development roadmaps for a small portfolio of online Products and you will develop and gain approval for each strategy/roadmap and work closely with cross functional teams to ensure timely and cost effective delivery. You will play a key role in the initiation, business approval, specification, development and delivery of new products and services and will write the necessary business plans, project documentation, customer communications and financial business cases. You will work closely with the technical development team to translate customer requirements into functional specifications and will actively participate in the development, launch and ongoing enhancement of their products. You will manage customer panels and other customerfacing activities, provide effective and compelling product positioning and benefit statements for use by sales marketing and train customer facing colleagues when necessary. You will regularly analyse competing products and services to ensure that the company's products are competitive and will develop and review business models and pricing, ensuring competitiveness, profitability and value for customers. To apply for this role you will have direct experience of working with online products/services for professional audiences, either as product manager (or related role) or as an advanced user of these products in an information management role. You will have demonstrable experience of gathering and prioritising customer requirements and experience working with technical teams to articulate business requirements. Ideally you will have experience of working in the STM publishing market with knowledge of creating integrated, multicontent products and working knowledge of software development methodologies (Waterfall, Agile, Scrum). You will have excellent communications skills and will be determined, selfmotivated and able to work well as part of a crossfunctional team. West London, c****  ****k TFPL operates as both an employment agency and an employment business. If you do not hear back from us within **** working days, then unfortunately your application has been unsuccessful.
