Title: Product Manager
Full Description: Product Manager, Bradford, **** Product Manager Bradford Salary circa **** (dependent upon experience) Invigorate Recruitment are working on behalf of our client to find an experienced Product Manager. Based in Bradford, the company is a successful, well established business involved in the manufacture and supply of quality goods to major UK mail order and blue chip retail companies. The hours of work are 35 hours per week Monday to Friday. Role To work alongside the Managing Directors and Merchandising Director in the management of customer accounts, development of profitable business with existing customers and assist in identifying new business opportunities, providing a reliable, high quality service , in accordance with agreed procedures. Key Responsibilities To accurately maintain all customer account records and relevant retail and product information, including Stock Trackers To coordinate the ordering of product samples. Working closely with external suppliers, and inhouse production To support MD with all product and promotional proposal presentations within agreed timescales and in accordance with agreed procedures and service levels. To ensure accurate product information is available as needed by all users, effective administration of range reviews and implementation of new products within agreed timescales. To assist and support the MD to supply merchandising with ongoing customer sales information on individual ranges, and keeping internal systems updated with new product codes and information To maintain retail directory, range documents and budget spreadsheets for any given product. To coordinate administration of packaging instructions liaising with Quality/Compliance Manager To assist and support the MD in managing existing customer accounts. To assist and support the MD with the management of stock levels for discounted products, and customer ranges. To ensure that all orders are processed and despatched according to customer requirements. Ensuring that customer queries, and reports are completed as required To ensure efficient financial management of the accounts within agreed budgets. Maintaining sales forecasts. To be able to provide up to date information and progress on specific tasks, updating and adhering to critical paths. To accurately maintain all relevant customer account and product information using internal systems. To upload products onto customerbased systems as needed, and complete all customer information and product sheets. To liaise with relevant departments, including buying, stock control, design, QA and warehouse. To ensure accuracy of all sales information and agreement of realistic delivery expectations, to communicate stock information to the customer and develop practical solutions to any identified problems, and meet all expected service standards KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE NEEDED: Previous experience of working in a similar role which with Product management Experience of being in a customer oriented, administrative environment. A good listener with the ability to develop trusting relationships with people. Good administrator with an excellent attention to detail and thorough, dependable approach. An understanding of the sales process and commercial awareness. Ability to communicate in a thorough and factual manner and to confidently communicate at all levels both internally and externally. A persistent problem solver, able to develop practical solutions in a timely and thorough manner. Advanced knowledge of Microsoft office applications  Excel, Word and Powerpoint . This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ProductManager_job****
