Title: Marketing Manager  Maternity Cover
Full Description: A reputable global brand is looking for a Marketing Manager for a maternity cover contract. You will be working with the Commercial Director to create and execute a clear strategic marketing plan for their finance partner, clients and consumers. Working with the business, you will be responsible for all customer communications and delivering client marketing across all available channels. Key accountabilities: Campaign development and management (70%) Develop, manage and deliver tactical campaigns. Hospitality and sponsorship deliver class leading client facing events. Request and manage client research waves, as required by the business. Responsible for the digital website and shaping of the strategy with business change into solutions for ongoing future implementation online. Design and deliver marketing support for the retail/motor product manager Create own advertising guidelines for client information. Work with the existing customer management identifying opportunities that deliver results for the business. Responsible for ensuring audit compliant at all times. Ensure effective management and control of team budget. Project Support (15%) recommend, plan and deliver the marketing workstreams for allocated business projects. Provide marketing communications guidance to the UK (15%) working with the sales teams and other stakeholders across the business. The candidate: Indepth knowledge of marketing communications across all channels Strong evidence of managing internal and external partner agencies Experience of budget management Good understanding of branding principles and evidence of application Good planning and organisational skills Proven senior stakeholder management Strong written and verbal communications Innovative problem solving Strong attention to detail Team player Applicants must be available to start at the beginning of March for 12 months. In the first instance please send your CV in word format via email to Leanne Corrigan on lcorriganvmagroup.com CLOSING DATE WEDNESDAY 23RD JANUARY
