Title: EMEA Product Manager  Medical Devices
Full Description: Looking to work for a global brand leader? Well established, our client is a global leader in the healthcare market and renowned for their high end products and solutions. Turnover in 2012 increased to over ****m, and with a comprehensive innovation program in process, 2013 is going to be even stronger. So what will this role involve? This role is a classic inlife product management role, where you ll ensure that your portfolio drives revenues and profitability in the markets it has presence in. You ll work closely with global innovation teams to push back customer requirements for your market and help launch new products successfully. The role will include: Inlife Product Management; pricing, forecasting, lifecycle management Product Launches; train sales teams and marketing teams on the key features, benefits messages Product Marketing; support on the production of internal and external facing materials and campaigns across advertising, editorial, journals, collateral Sales Support; support sales teams with face to face meetings with key customers where you ll present the products What must you bring? With a strong product management background from the medical devices or healthcare market, you ll have operated in a B2B vertical and worked closely with sales teams. Your experience will cover: Strong product management experience Extensive knowledge of the medical devices or healthcare market B2B vertical experience Sound commercial awareness Strong presentation skills Be good with numbers Operate well in a family run environment So why apply? Super products and a nice family orientated culture Salary: **** **** basic, 15% bonus  benefits If this vacancy interests you we d be delighted to hear from you. Please send a copy of your CV to jobs N/A .uk or give Matt Dodgson a call on N/A Markit Recruitment is a boutique marketing recruitment agency focused exclusively on connecting great marketeers and product managers with a wide range of B2B businesses. In the main the roles we find ourselves recruiting for cover; product management, product marketing, channel/partner marketing, demand generation, online marketing and marketing communications. Regretfully due to the high volume of CV s we receive, we re only able to contact successful candidates.
