Title: Product Manager
Full Description: A great opportunity has arisen within the publishing division of this leading learned scientific Society, for a Product Manager looking for a new challenge and more responsibility. Based in London and reporting to the Head of Publishing, this role will focus on the development, launch and day to day management of new publications and related products and will oversee the implementation of key initiatives for its flagship titles. This is a new position within the team, with an opportunity to shape and grow the role and key responsibilities will include: researching and developing proposals for new journal titles, and nonjournal products and services e.g. ebooks or database products in line with the publishing strategy. You will project manage planning and the launch of new projects, liaising closely with relevant internal colleagues and external stakeholders; lead the day to day publishing management for newlylaunched publications and services and ensure journal development plans are reviewed and updated to schedule. Other duties will involve idea sessions with relevant stakeholders to provide input to new product development; investigate acquisition of other relevant publications and services and provide progress update to senior management against key milestones. This role will also deputise for the Head of Publishing in appropriate meetings and working groups related to product development and journal strategy. This position is core to the new team and the successful person will be educated to degree level or equivalent and will have relevant experience in assisting development and launching new journals, books or database products within an STM publishing organisation or a learned Society. You will have some experience/knowledge of preparing and managing financial budgets and forecasts, preparing business cases and able to demonstrate experience with new publishing technologies and their application in disseminating scientific information. You will be computer literate with excellent communication and organisational skills; able to work effectively in teams of different sizes, detail orientated with a positive attitude and experience of identifying issues and proposing solutions. If you would like further details of this role please forward an up to date CV with a short covering letter outlining your interest and suitability for the role.  Fusion People are committed to promoting equal opportunities to people regardless of age, gender, religion, belief, race, sexuality or disability. We operate as an employment agency and employment business. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ProductManager_job****
