Title: Consumer Insight Planner (Media research experience)
Full Description: Consumer Insight Planner Central London ****  benefits Recognised global brand with a powerful voice is now looking for a Consumer Insight Planner to join their team. You will act as an Account Manager for the whole of Digital Development and will ensure that insight is actionable within the context of the specific objectives. The Role As an established insight and data expert you will be responsible for the delivery of bespoke reports. You will build strong working relationships with key members such as UX teams, Product Managers with a view to anticipating their future needs. Ideally you will come from a media research background. Your key areas of responsibility are as follows: Build a forward looking schedule of activity (Roadmap) for the next 12 months that takes account of the needs and requirements of the client department To feed relevant and actionable consumer and research based insight into client departments Use a variety of qualitative and quantitative research methodologies and data sources Take project briefs from client departments and advise on best methods of meeting project objectives Use the customer journey and audience segments to ensure that product development is conducted in full knowledge of the needs and requirements of the audience The Candidate We are looking for an experienced Consumer Insight Planner from either an agency or client side environment. You will have proven media research experience coupled with strong account management skills. You will be is highly numerate with excellent written and verbal skills. Other key attributes that we are looking for are as follows: Good knowledge of the theory and practice of media research (Qual & Quant) Knowledge/understanding of standard newspapers and Internet planning currencies (ABC, ABCe, NRS, TGI, BBS, ComScore, Nielsen, BMRB Comprehensive knowledge and understanding of the various analysis techniques that serve data and digital planning disciplines Working knowledge of Confirmit or other internet based research tools Experience of working with web analytics Strong data analysis and visualisation skills Excellent interpersonal skills If you are a Consumer Insight Planner with relevant media research experience looking for the next challenge in your career then get in touch. This is one of the world's leading media voices and they have amazing offices and structured training. Apply on the button below or feel free to give Raj a call on **** **** for a confidential chat.
