Title: Product Marketing Manager
Full Description: Job Description: This is an exciting role where an experienced product marketing individual can demonstrate their abilities and ownership of launching products from a sector of the company s s award winning Range. Individuals must have had previous product marketing experience and proven skills in owning and implementing a product marketing plans. Responsibilities and Tasks: Demonstrate product management skills within the UK and Ireland for specific product group. A strong degree of influence and negotiation is required with internal and external customers to support the execution of the product marketing plan. Individuals will be expected to present to key accounts decision makers and so excellent communication skills are vital. The commercial aspect of the role requires an ability to determine the pricing, forecasting and budgeting of the product and therefore previous budget responsibility is key to being successful in this role. As part of owning the product marketing plan, the successful individual will need to coordinate the creative marketing side of launching a product to market, but will not be involved in the creative marketing aspects of product development, which is conducted by another team. The individual has to be able to develop and execute a product marketing strategy for a range of products within the printer range working to strict deadlines. A good understanding of using Excel will be a considerable aid to the individual. Project management experience are key skills to be successful in this role. Previous experience of Inkjet Printers is not key but it is essential to have proven product marketing experience. The innovative element of the role is developing a workable, cost effective strategy of how the product will target the appropriate audience and therefore maximise sales. As ambassador for their selected product group, the product manager is the key driver within the local business unit, responsible for the creation and implementation of the annual product Strategy and business Plan across the UK and Ireland. Collaboration with Sales and Trade Marketing as well Product Management and Sales in Europe, the product manager is responsible for pricing, positioning and channel distribution through the life of the product from launch to EOL monitoring both the market trends and internal forecasting. The Product Manager will have excellent communication skills balanced with sound business acumen. Capable of creating exceptional business plans that clearly communicate the key message of the product group both internally and externally. Required Skills and Qualifications:Demonstrate product management skills within the UK and Ireland for specific product group. Coordination of company and channel requirements to maximise sales opportunities consistently throughout the year. Understand and appreciate dynamics of product category and wider market to interpret trends and opportunities for growth. Communication with Sales and Trade Marketing to implement Business Plans. Work with colleagues in European Head Office to understand and negotiate business opportunities. Liaison with Product Intelligence team to produce materials and training to support product launch, ranging and sell through. Role requires some international travel and will sometimes require overtime and weekend work to support events. Competencies: Business Knowledge Communication Planning & Organising Results Focused Further Information: Candidate Requirements: Level of education is not essential but experience in Product Marketing is. The candidate does not have to have had experience in Inkjet but within the consumer market would be useful so that they understand that marketplace. Strong commercial acumen and innovative to drive business to increase market share. Interpersonal skills are vital to present to customers as well as internal stake holders, so that they remain credible. Strong work ethic and negotiation skills Some international travel may be involved as well as travel on occasions to the European Head Office in Uxbridge. Ideally someone who can drive to make their life easier but not essential for the role
