Title: CRM & Marketing Operations Manager
Full Description: Fancy a newly created role you can shape? Our client is a globally recognised brand, with operations across **** continents and a portfolio of industry recognised propositions. In 2012 their share price has steadily risen off the back of some global acquisitions. By doubling their earnings in Q2 2012, many investment brokers have upgraded their status because of their long term potential. Moving forward they re well placed to continue growth in 2013 through their diversification program which is already proving to be a success. So what will this role involve? In this newly created role you ll be responsible for creating and driving a direct marketing contact plan for all their outbound communications to help the business drive more sales pipeline and communicate thought leadership messages to existing clients. Day to day you ll be involved in: Customer Journey; create and implement a journey for new and existing customers once they receive marketing communications messages CRM Management; promote and monitor the effective use of their CRM to sales teams Segmentation; slice and dice data to create useable lists for the marketing team Campaign Management; help plan outbound direct marketing campaigns, both online offline and retention acquisition, with accompanied sales and customer collateral ROI; report on ROI and drive learning s back into future marketeers campaigns What must you bring? With a solid B2B marketing background, you ll be an expert in creating a direct marketing contact strategy and then be able to support the marketing teams with data, analysis or process requests. Analytical in nature you ll be able to work closely with sales and build relationships easily, and enjoy the challenge of working from a blank sheet of paper to develop a clear vision. So why apply? Cracking B2B brand with some superb results. Salary: ****  **** basic, healthcare, pension, 25 days hols  stats If this vacancy interests you we d be delighted to hear from you. Please send a copy of your CV to jobsmarkitrecruitment.co.uk or give Ruth Beaney a call on **** **** 280. Markit Recruitment is a boutique marketing recruitment agency focused exclusively on connecting great marketeers and product managers with a wide range of B2B businesses. In the main the roles we find ourselves recruiting for cover; product management, product marketing, channel/partner marketing, demand generation, online marketing and marketing communications. Regretfully due to the high volume of CV s we receive, we re only able to contact successful candidates.
