Title: Product Manager
Full Description: PURPOSE OF THE ROLE: To provide marketing expertise to implement the product strategy across the region and support achievement of annual financial targets. To be a focal point and a champion for specific product areas. KEY RESPONSIBILITIES:  Be seen as the `Champion` for a specific product line within the region; represent and influence these product lines at a global level  Support the development of the regional Marketing strategy  Support the development of the EMEAI annual operating plan within the broader planning cycle and long range plan for the product lines  Consult with Sales, Customers, OEM`s, Industry Associations and Regulatory Agencies to determine customer needs and expectations  Working in consultation with the Re  Degree in marketing, business, or sciencerelated field ( commitment to study for Chartered Institute of Marketing qualification if the applicant does not have a formal marketing qualification)  Proven record of success in a Business Management/ B2B marketing role. KEY SKILLS:  Ability to lead and influence internally and externally to achieve agreed objectives.  Use effective team working to ensure successful completion of projects.  Excellent analytical, skills  ability to assimilate large amounts of data and articulate a clear way forward  Excellent communication skills  Able to work under pressure to achieve business goals.  Strong influencing and presenta Our client is a leading B2B business based in Berkshire. It is a global business which is hugely successful and respected in its field and offers a very strong work culture with excellent career prospects. Basic salary  excellent benefits Your application will be reviewed by Michael Page. Please be aware we receive a high volume of applications for every role advertised regularly receive applications from candidates who exceed the job credentials. We will only contact you within the next 14 days if you are selected for interview. Where specific UK qualifications are required we will take into account overseas equivalents. Michael Page is a world leading recruitment consultancy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ProductManager_job****
