Title: Proposition Marketing Manager
Full Description: Want to work for a $bn business? With revenues globally in excess of $2bn, our client is a top 3 player in all the markets it serves. Here in the UK they re well positioned in terms of their products and services to differentiate and gain market share, and they now have ambitious plans to drive this already successful business further forward. So what will this role involve? This highly commercial product marketing role covers many areas and gives you responsibility for driving the success of your portfolio. This role will include: Strategy ; develop and take ownership for the product road map Product Marketing; create the messaging and differentiators for marketing sales teams Product Launches ; work closely with the NPD team and launch new propositions internally and externally Market Development ; look for opportunities to drive market share by helping with the creation and execution of demand generation programs Analysis ; competitor, market, customer, revenue What must you bring? With a strong B2B marketing background and extensive product marketing or proposition marketing experience, you ll enjoy being the evangelist by inspiring and educating sales teams as well as driving the commercials through exciting marketing programs. So why apply? You re joining a global player with some positive results in an exciting commercial role. Salary: ****  **** basic, healthcare, pension, 25 days hols  stats If this vacancy interests you we d be delighted to hear from you. Please send a copy of your CV to jobsmarkitrecruitment.co.uk or give Ruth Beaney a call on **** **** 280. Markit Recruitment is a boutique marketing recruitment agency focused exclusively on connecting great marketeers and product managers with a wide range of B2B businesses. In the main the roles we find ourselves recruiting for cover; product management, product marketing, channel/partner marketing, demand generation, online marketing and marketing communications. Regretfully due to the high volume of CV s we receive, we re only able to contact successful candidates.
