Title: Senior Marketing Executive
Full Description: Senior Marketing Executive Our Client has an exciting opportunity for a Senior Marketing Executive in their Bury St. Edmunds office. The main purpose of this role is to develop and implement the annual B2B marketing plans, campaigns and actions in support of achieving ambitious sales targets. Ultimately the goal is to grow market share and profits by developing the customer base, the share of customers’ spend and retaining the loyal customers. Key responsibilities will include:  Develop and implement the annual Marketing and Sales Support Plan  Develop, proactively manage and optimise ProductMarket Combinations, including product assortment and competitor analysis, customer and prospect research, strategy development, sales forecasting, catalogue and brochure development and promotion planning and execution  Plan, develop and execute all our B2B marketing activities, product focuses and launches, trade shows and sales actions (on and offline) against agreed objectives  Copywriting marketing sales materials for inside outside audiences (and for online and offline use)  Development (incl. copy writing) and execution of email promotion campaigns  Supporting and Measuring Field Sales Campaigns  Social Network Campaigns  Liaise and cooperate with Head Office marketing department for the rollout of group marketing sales support initiatives in the UK  Ensure all UK marketing sales communications are compliant with group brand guidelines  Measure and regularly report to Managing Director in Bury St. Edmunds on sales and marketing results and challenges with extensive and intensive utilisation of Excel Liaising with Sales Manager and Product Manager in Bury St Edmunds and managing a part time assistant Your skills and knowledge will include:  High level marketing qualification  35 years marketing and/or product management experience gained within the industry  Strong marketing (campaign) management experience and skills  Experience and skills in measuring and tracking marketing effectiveness and RoMI  Experience in briefing and managing agencies  Strong analytical, project management and administrative skills  Good writing skills and great attention to detail  Strong computer/systems literacy (database and email marketing)  Thorough understanding of digital communications, including social media You will be: Selfstarter, creative, disciplined, determined with drive and initiative and willingness to challenge. Strong collaboration, communication and interpersonal skills. Ability to work under pressure and to tight deadlines. Should you be interested in this fantastic opportunity, please contact Hannah Colthorpe. Compass Point Recruitment has a number of similar Telephone Sales jobs. For more information on jobs of this type please visit www.compasspoint.co.uk where you will find sales jobs, accountancy jobs, industrial jobs, warehouse jobs, admin jobs, customer service jobs, PA jobs, secretary jobs and marketing jobs. We offer a catchment area of **** miles of our Bury St Edmunds office covering: Bury St. Edmunds, Stowmarket, Newmarket, Needham Market, Sudbury, Haverhill, Mildenhall, Thetford, Ipswich and others within Suffolk, Cambridgeshire, Essex, Norfolk This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SeniorMarketingExecutive_job****
