Title: Product Marketing Manager
Full Description: The Product Marketing Manager will work in a crossfunctional environment and together with the Global product team you be responsible for creating strategic marketing plans.You will be responsible for growing your portfolio working closely with technical product managers, sales managers, channel managers and customer relations in business streams. A key objective is to ensure that marketing and gotomarket launch plans are tuned to the integrated value proposition of the business streams, working with customer intelligence, sales colleagues and the business stream to create a compelling customer journey, increasing average revenue per customer. You will work with the Marketing Services team to develop and measure specific marketing campaigns focusing on lead generation and market demand To be considered for this role you must degree educated, or equivalent, in a business related subject together with proven Product Marketing experience gained in a Business Services environment within the UK market. This is a sales led environment where Marketing has to add value and driving tactical marketing activity for short term sales and longer term relationship building. You will have worked in a matrix based environment and possess exceptional stakeholder management and influencing skills at all levels. An international leading Business Services company based in Buckinghamshire. ****  **** competitive benefits. Your application will be reviewed by Michael Page. Please be aware we receive a high volume of applications for every role advertised regularly receive applications from candidates who exceed the job credentials. We will only contact you within the next 14 days if you are selected for interview. Where specific UK qualifications are required we will take into account overseas equivalents. Michael Page is a world leading recruitment consultancy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ProductMarketingManager_job****
