Title: Digital Marketing Manager  (Art Retailer)  London
Full Description: DIGITAL MARKETING MANAGER  (ART RETAILER)  LONDON We are seeking a talented and imaginative Digital Marketing Manager to join a leading producer and retailer of quality art prints. Whether you are brainstorming social media initiatives or building high conversion email marketing campaigns it will be your input that drives brand recognition and conversion online. Read On With creative partners that include prestigious institutions such as the national Gallery London, Vogue and The Andy Warhol Foundation our client is the leading online art retailer in the UK. With offices in both London and Brighton they are passionate about art and have, for the past 25 years, been searching the world for the latest emerging artists and trends. Joining as a Digital Marketing Manager you will get a fantastic opportunity to help expand one of the UK's most exciting online brands. It will be your responsibility to manage the display advertising and social media marketing whilst maintaining an indepth knowledge of online marketing developments (paid advertising, 3rd party tools and current best practices etc.). Working closely with the Head of Online Marketing you will devise, create and deliver a top class email marketing strategy to achieve ambitious growth targets. This will include optimising conversion rates for new subscribers and improving repurchase rates of past customers. You will also help to coordinate written and visual content for distribution through all online channels. To qualify You will need to be an effective, organised and digital savvy Marketing Manager / Marketing Executive or similar who can demonstrate: Proven experience gained within a digital marketing role. Skills beyond pure social media marketing. A passion for online marketing and delivering successful campaigns that grow sales. A knack with numbers, you should be able to understand margins and ROI. That you can be analytical and commercially astute but with the ability to think creatively and solve problems independently. Have a passion for interior, art and design products. That you are organised, good under pressure and fun to work with. This is a unique opportunity that will see you join a leading internet brand offering a competitive salary, a great working environment and career development. Get in touch Keywords: Marketing Manager, Digital Marketing Manager, Online Marketing Manager, Email, Digital Marketing, CRM Marketing Manager, Product Manager, Digital Marketing Jobs in London, Digital Marketing Jobs, Online Marketing Jobs, Marketing Management Jobs in London, Digital Marketing Jobs in Farringdon, London, Central London, Farringdon. Guru are an employment business renowned for delivering careers networking to the Marketing sector. In this instance Guru are managing the selection process for this particular Digital Marketing Manager campaign on the behalf of our client. We offer a transparent service to both clients and candidates which means that if you pass our initial filtering criteria (based on your CV suitability against our client’s requirements) we will email you with the client’s details and also pass your complete application to the client for consideration. By applying to this role you are granting consent for us to work in this way. One final note, your application will only be used in conjunction with this specific role. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/DigitalMarketingManagerArtRetailerLondon_job****
