Title: Senior Product Manager  Automotive
Full Description: We’re currently looking for an experience AutoMotive Senior Product Manager to join our team. You will be responsible for contributing and maintaining an adequate product pipeline by identifying and prioritising commercial and functional opportunities. D evelop and expand the operational model to maintain a growing product portfolio in a small business (inc. Sales team, Automotive consultants, Customer service **** nd line requirements). C onduct research, analyse current market trends position for existing / potential new products (including product enhancements), customer requirements and relevant competitor positions to scope and define new products at a high level. U se statistical analysis techniques to produce forecast and predictive models and describe these to the development team for integration with existing data processors. You will u se uptodate User Experience Design methodologies to ensure customer requirements are met within a product that aligns to the existing work practices of the automotive industry and exceeds customer expectations as a premium product. W ork closely with Database Developers to identify data trends, new industry analytics and advise on emerging key indicators that can be productised to our existing base. As well as Agile Development team to workshop stories and identify technical solutions. M anipulate and analyse raw automotive data to produce robust metrics and identify key marketing messages. C arrying out code reviews and testing as required through the development life cycle. Ma naging all product reporting and measurements, both internally and externally, ensuring that we are maintaining our market leading position with our customers. Requirements You w ill hold experience in product management and product development ideally gained within an automotive data analytics business. You can bring a proven track record to develop products aligned to a wider group strategy. Hold experience with full product lifecycle including, Market Research, Competitor Analysis, Preparation of product business cases , Revenue and operational forecasting , Product launch and go to market , Product positioning , Managing product decline and transition . An ability to develop and maintain product roadmaps with clear evidence that outlines commercial benefit and can be communicated through to a board level . A strong track record of delivery in a fastpaced, demanding commercial environment with experience of user interface and workflow design for business systems and application and system integration working with external partners. An ability to identify data research and analysis opportunities that will deliver operational efficiencies in the used retail market, and articulate the benefits of each activity via strong communication and interpersonal skills. W ork well in a cross functional environment with multiple stakeholders. Strong market knowledge including: Key customers in target segment (including contacts) , Industry bodies and Market sentiment W orking knowledge of a range of UK Dealer Management Systems (especially Kerridge , Pinnacle, Gemini, Dragon****DMS) . Knowledge and understanding of existing vehicle taxonomy (especially CAP Codes/ID, MVRIS Codes, Fleet Net C odes and Glasses Codes) and identify opportunities for improvement. Experience of working with Automotive datafeed solutions including the specifications of: DMS****/**** and IM1 Technical ly you will hold skills in s oftware development and testing methodologies including JavaScript VBScript, TDD, Agile Software Development, HTML and CSS3 and data extraction and manipulation using SQL and SAS. Experience in implementing best practice User Experience, including design, wireframing , storing boarding and prototyping are also required. You can offer a s trong maths background with emphasis on statistical analysis techniques including: e xploratory data analysis and c onfirmatory data analysis . Knowledge of regression analysis for building forecast and predictive modelling engines and e xperience analysing webanalytics for consumer demand trends and forecasting is essential
