Title: Trade Marketing Manager
Full Description: Role: Trade Marketing Manager Location: Bromborough Salary: ****pa Term: Perm Our client is a worldwide manufacturer of major appliances and is looking to appoint a new Assistant Trade Marketing Manager immediately to operate within their Freestanding Appliances Division. This role is based at their Bromborough location on the Wirral. Main Duties: Analyse Trade Channel trends and make strategic recommendations of new initiatives to Line Manager to secure the key targets and developing opportunities in each Trade Channel, whilst maintaining a sustainable approach across all channels. Provide Sales and Distribution Insight gathered from GfK, IFR, AMDEA and Retailer Sales Out reports. Effective and timely communication both verbal and written to inform sales team and other marketing resource on key product and market actions and developments. Key Responsibilites:  Provide management reports and insight summaries from weekly/monthly GfK, AMDEA and Retailer Salesout data sources.  Work closely with Product Managers and Sales Team to Develop and implement of effective prelaunch and launch plans for new products/ranges.  Production of sales briefs, to support brand, range, product and promotion strategies. To also include monthly ‘Golden Nuggets’ to publicise positive HCG trends in the market and trade channels.  Production of customer facing presentations, to support brand, range, product and promotion strategies. Skill Set:  High degree of computer literacy, to include advanced skills using MS Excel, MS PowerPoint and Software provided by Market Research Suppliers.  Good interpersonal and motivational skills to work effectively with key customers, sales teams, product managers and other internal departments. Must be a team player.  Excellent organisational skills and able to work largely unsupervised. Effectively prioritises use of time and resources in order to meet deadlines and changing business priorities. Focuses on what matters most. In addition to a basic salary of circa ****k you will also be entitled to a package including 25 days annual holiday and Company bonus scheme.
