Title: Product Manager
Full Description: Product Manager  Permanent Surrey ****K Travel Industry Volt is currently recruiting on behalf of a market leading organisation based in Surrey for a Product Manager; where you will have responsibility for all aspects of my clients products. You will also work closely with the reservations and operations team, marketing and accounts to achieve the required team objectives. General Responsibilities: Contract negotiations with existing or potential suppliers to secure best possible rates, terms and conditions, commission and overrides in order to deliver, meet and exceed the company s financial targets and budgets. Responsible for health and safety protocols for your product areas Travel overseas as necessary for product inspection visits or contract negotiations. Monitor performance of all product lines against sales and service targets, taking appropriate action with suppliers as necessary, and analyse future marketing or rate renegotiation. Research and submit sound business proposals/costings for future product development. Develop, maintain and improve supplier relationships. Attend and represent the company at relevant trade and public exhibitions/shows/open evenings. Produce sales and booking forecasts and review product performance. Produce paginations for future brochures, in line with budget and sales forecasts Prepare and maintain uptodate costing sheets/allocation documents and maintain and update internal product information manuals. Ensure that all contracted products have a comprehensive, flexible implementation, support and service strategy agreed prior to a product being introduced. Required Skills and Experience A minimum of three years experience with product development and management within the travel industry. Ability to motivate, train and develop staff. High degree of flexibility and ability to deal with change, growth and pressure Attention to detail and the ability to work quickly and accurately; good level of numeracy and excellent spoken and written English Strong customer service, influencing and negotiating skills Competent use of office IT products including use of reservations databases, MS Word, MS Excel and MS Outlook Strong interpersonal and communication skills with ability to develop relationships at all levels
