Title: Head of Product Management – Cloud Services & Telephony
Full Description: Want to be part of a fast growing entrepreneurial business? Profitable since its inception 4 years ago, our client has achieved double digit growth year on year. With ambitious and realistic plans to double their workforce after a successful round of funding, this is a dynamic UK player on the up. Offering turnkey solutions into businesses to help them reduce capital outlay, this business is instrumental in taking the pain away from business owners so they can invest their energy into growing their company. So what will this role involve? Initially stand alone with the potential to build a team further down the line, this is a classic hands on product management role where you ll own the product road map and build propositions for the sales team to take to market. The role will include: Strategy; customer research, competitor analysis, market/segment sizing Product Development; own road map, work on product definition with sales, engineering and operations to deliver products that satisfy segment needs Product Launches; train sales and channel partners Inlife Product Management; pricing and analysis of profitability, retiring products as necessary Demand Generation; customer facing, sales GTM planning, steering marketing to build effective lead generation activities What must you bring? With a strong product management background from either the B2B telco or I.T. services sector, you ll have a unique blend of strategic ability with the desire to be hands on. Pragmatic, you ll be comfortable working for a fast growing business and enjoy the freedom of not having endless processes and procedures. You ll be able to demonstrate: Classic product management experience and knowledge of telco or I.T. services Ability to create a vision and get buy in from fellow stakeholders across sales, operations, engineering and finance Strategic and hands on Good sense of humour Energetic, strong relationship skills, pragmatic So why apply? Grow with a fast growing business and make your mark Salary: ****  **** basic  benefits If this vacancy interests you we d be delighted to hear from you. Please send a copy of your CV to jobsmarkitrecruitment.co.uk or give Matt Dodgson a call on **** **** 279. Markit Recruitment is a boutique marketing recruitment agency focused exclusively on connecting great marketeers and product managers with a wide range of B2B businesses. In the main the roles we find ourselves recruiting for cover; product management, product marketing, channel/partner marketing, demand generation, online marketing and marketing communications. Regretfully due to the high volume of CV s we receive, we re only able to contact successful candidates.
