Title: Senior Product Manager
Full Description: A market leading financial services client based in North Yorkshire requires a Product Manager on a permanent basis. You will be required to provide strategic vision around product direction as well as executing against the product plan. You will be managing complex, high value products or a portfolio of products, by managing the product throughout its lifecycle, ensuring that it generates profit for the Company. This lifecycle commences with the product concept, continues through the design and development of the product to the stage where it is mature and generating maximum value for the company; and, comes to completion with a replacement, retirement or renewal product strategy. The Senior Product Manager is the product champion throughout the lifecycle of the high value products and is an expert in the features, benefits and capabilities of the product and how they meet the needs of current and future customers. The successful candidate will have the following skills and experience:  Extensive B2B marketing experience with P L responsibility  Strong analytical skills and financial literacy  A proven track record in delivering new revenue streams through product planning, delivery and ongoing management in a Financial Services organisation.  Ability to plan and organise effectively and deliver to deadlines.  An attention to detail, a right first time approach.  Experience of engaging with external customers (in a sales or relationship management role)  Experience of engaging with internal customers (eg IT, Operations finance and marketing)  Able to communicate at Board level through to technical level.  The ability to build crossfunctional relationships and to work, under pressure, with different teams.  A good grounding in the UK and International Payments Market.  An entrepreneurial spirit coupled with good negotiating skills.  Ability to build and inspire virtual teams to achieve challenging objectives.  Experience in managing a small team. Desirable skills are:  Experience of payments systems, particularly those relating to product area  European Language skills whilst not a prerequisite would be an advantage  International travel may also be required from time to time
