Title: Account Director  Digital/DM
Full Description: Account Director Bath ****k DM, Digital, CRM This is a rare opportunity for an account Director to join a DM/Digital agency team working on a worldleading international brand. The Account Director will play a central part in the endtoend management of directtoconsumer campaigns as the agency. The core role is to be the key point of contact for a particularly ripe part of the account which needs someone to take the opportunity by the horns  grow with the role, and make it their own. The successful Account Director will have solid experience working on directtoconsumer CRM campaigns, ideally through email and/or other digital (and or DM) channels. You will need to demonstrate they have the interpersonal skills to hold their own with multiple client and third party stakeholders, and the drive and determination to deliver beyond expectations every time. The candidate’s areas of responsibility will include: Client management:  Taking a key role in the daytoday management of client relationships.  Dealing with international clients, representing the agency at status meetings, project/campaign planning meetings and conference calls.  Understanding and interpreting multiple client briefs, under tight deadlines  Under the management of the SAM, assisting in developing and executing Digital complex testing strategies Campaign management:  Writing creative briefs and managing design process with agency’s inhouse creative team  Presenting creative to the client  Managing creative development to client approval  Overseeing build/development of digital assets  Managing setup, testing and broadcast of campaigns through the database / CRM systems  Working with other members of the account team to collate and prepare results debriefs The ideal candidate will need to be enthusiastic and full of energy. They will need to have a strategic mind and have the ability to always see the bigger picture. They will have a thirst to prove themselves and develop their own career through the successful management of the client. Retail/FMCG experience would be a bonus. It would be ideal if you have a Digital (and ideally some direct marketing) agency background. Pure Marketing Recruitment specialise in Marketing, PR, Creative and Digital Recruitment. We work on both agency and client side roles, encompassing all spectrums of the creative markets including Advertising, Branding, Design, Digital, DM / CRM, Experiential, Integrated, Market Research, Promotional Marketing Public Relations. From Account Executives, Account Manager to Account Directors, Project Managers, Client Service Directors, Production Managers, Planners, Graphic Designers, Creative Directors, Art Directors, Artworkers, Developers, Digital Designers, PR Account Executives to Directors. And all manner of clientside roles – from Marketing Assistant/Executive to Marketing Manager/Director, Insight/CRM, Market Research, SEO/PPC Manager, Media Relations/Press Officers, Brand and Product Managers. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/AccountDirectorDigitalDM_job****
