Title: Mobile Marketing Executive
Full Description: Betting Appointments is currently seeking a passionate mobile marketer to lead the growth of our leading clients’ mobile presence. You will be responsible for the acquisition and retention of app users. Job purpose: To aggressively grow our mobile presence by costeffectively driving core mobile KPIs including downloads, usage, unique bettors, retention and average stake. Accountabilities: Executing the marketing and acquisition strategy for the mobile channel inline with commercial objectives. Evaluating and reporting on postcampaign results, providing recommendations on future campaign optimisation. Driving new customers to the mobile product via creation of multichannel marketing campaigns (in particular QR codes, inapp/mobile website advertising, push notifications, augmented technology). Developing and testing both adhoc incentives and programmes of incentives. Analysis of conversion (acquisition and betting) with respect to marketing activity. Creation of CRM programme to upsell and retain current users. Monitoring mobile marketing activity budget and communicating forecasting spends. Monitoring and reporting upon industry and mobile / tech activity and innovation. Keeping abreast of changes to mobile handset technologies and the impact on marketing. Working with external and internal design resources to produce creative, innovative and impactful communication. Supporting the Digital Marketing Manager in the development of new products, services and improved user experience. Working with other internal departments including marketers (social, tablet, website) and product managers. Working with colleagues in the Insight department to create regular customer surveys. Working with mobile product team to ensure goals are achieved. Sourcing and communicating offers from third parties which will enhance the customer benefit for any digital product. Education/ qualifications: Degree level or equivalent. Marketing qualification. Skills and attributes: Essential Experience of working with mobile products. Demonstrate good knowledge of sport and / or betting industry. Experience of optimising mobile/digital campaigns (specifically in app/mobile advertising, SEM  PPC and affiliate). Experience of increasing adoption and profitability of mobile betting products through multiplatform marketing. Demonstrable experience of successfully marketing transactional products. Experience of monitoring and reporting on multiple marketing channels and making recommendations. Commercially focused with an analytical mind. Understanding of campaign testing and analysis. Project management experience. Ability to selfmanage with a ‘cando' attitude. Excellent verbal and written communication skills. Strong attention to detail. IT literate, including good operational knowledge of Microsoft packages. Passion for learning about new developments in digital technology especially user experience ecommerce, social media and mobile marketing. Innovative and confident in implementing new ideas. Extremely organised and taskfocused. Comfortable in operating in a small team environment with tight deadlines. Ability to multitask and deliver work to a high standard. Desirable Previous experience within betting industry. Interest in sport and betting. Experience of daytoday relationships with external agencies. Copywriting expertise. Social media savvy. For more information on this exciting opportunity, please send your CV to sambettingappointments.com or call **** **** **** This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/MobileMarketingExecutive_job****
