Title: Product Manager
Full Description: Job Description For Vacancy No: ****P**** Consultant: Peter Moore Company Profile: Our client is a leading manufacturer of SolidState, Free Electron Technology and Photonicsbased products, supplying key components and systems to a diverse range of markets Job Location: Essex Job Position: Product Manager Reporting To: Business Unit General Manager Job Status: Permanent Staff Position Context s have an opportunity for a Product Manager whose role is key to this growth strategy and who will have a direct impact on profitability, revenue and reputation. The success of the role will be measured by the profitability of the product portfolio under his / her control and through feedback from internal and external customers. Through working with the market manager and through an understanding of RF systems, and their components and an appreciation for the interactions which make up these systems, the Product Manager will identify the systems, products and solutions required to meet requirements of the ****Year plan for the radiotherapy and cargo scanning markets. The Product Manager will have specific responsibility for defining R s and its customer s current and future needs. To maintain a balanced, profitable portfolio, the Product Manager will also manage the introduction and withdrawal of products and related services. Required is a high level of commercial awareness and experience to contribute to commercial proposals, ensuring appropriate pricing, assumptions about development, support s design, development and life, the Product Manager will have responsibility for the control and reduction of design related costs and with the control and reduction of costs related to warranty and repairs. Essential Experience: Broad commercial understanding including Finance, Sales, Operations and Purchasing Experience of managing a complex portfolio of products and services through their full lifecycle would be beneficial. Experience of using Enterprise Resource Planning and Customer Relationship Management tools such as SAP and SAP CRM would be beneficial. Responsibilities: Develop and agree a ****  5 year product and service plan, to exceed the financial contribution targets for the relevant product portfolio Lead the delivery of the plan above, ensuring the correct internal and external resources are available and utilised. This should include working with external parties to assess partnerships and licensing opportunities. Work with Customers and Market Managers to understand changes in the commercial and technology landscape. Monitor, report and adapt the plan accordingly. Provide high level technical support to sales and market managers including presentations during domestic and overseas customer meetings and at trade shows. Control the New Product Introduction process from Enquiry through Bid to Order, ensuring that all new business can be adequately resourced and delivered and will be a profitable use of resources. Ensure that all products comply to legislative requirements and that all new products are designed for manufacture and meet the requirements of Manufacturing Readiness Reviews. Drive make/buy decisions where appropriate. Retain the design authority after product development. Assist in the launching of new products, particularly in developing appropriate technical materials and acting as a product expert. Improve profitability and Customer Satisfaction by representing the customer internally on Deliveries, Quality and Service. Manage the whole Product Lifecycle for the products covering requirements capture, design, introduction, service, warranty, maturation and withdrawal. Engage and motivate the respective teams in other functions to successfully integrate the plan into those parts of the company and their objectives. Work with project managers and the engineering team to deploy the relevant Technical / Engineering resource to provide support to customers, driving both customer loyalty and profitability. High level technical understanding and familiarity with RF components and systems. An ability to communicate strategy at all levels of an organisation. Customer management and requirements capture. Management of diverse (nonreporting) teams, including internal and external resources Knowledge of export control regulations would be beneficial. Salary/Rate: ****  **** Fringe Benefits: Stakeholder Pension 25 days holiday Subsidised restaurant Save as you earn share scheme Corporate Gym Membership On site car parking Sports and Social Club Relocation: Assistance may be provided where appropriate Additional Info: Due to the nature of our client s work, security clearance will be required so please only apply if you are eligible. (British Passport plus 5 years recent UK residency)
