Title: Account Manager ( Pharmaceutical / Healthcare )
Full Description: Account Manager  Healthcare / Pharmaceutical Bristol Salary Circa ****k****k dependent on experience, plus car or car allowance We are looking for an Integrated Marketing / Advertising Account Manager who has experience of working on ethical healthcare (prescription) brands. This ambitious, award winning agency believes in doing great work and having fun doing it. There is an excellent environment where people enjoy their work and also have some fun doing it. The agency is successful and the directors expect to double the size of the agency in the next 3 years. So they are especially looking for people who can grow in stature with the business. Account managing a portfolio of ethical healthcare brands. Some established and some new to market.Reporting into the account director on all aspects of delivering projects and trade campaigns. Must be able to manager all resources and functions within the agency to produce high standards of work and client satisfaction. Prospects These are excellent as you would be working with some really talented people who want to see the people they work with reach their full potential. In the early months you will be helping your account director (very experienced in healthcare markets) to bed in a new and significant client and all their brands. However as the agency grows they would like to see you develop into running other clients' business in different markets. We see this appointment as key in the agency's succession management plan. Experience and skills At least two years’ experience of working on ethical healthcare (prescription) brands is essential. You will be educated to degree standard in life sciences or associated field. One key requirement is the ability to read and understand clinical papers and interpolate information into communication briefs. Demonstrable track record on running accounts of this nature in an Advertising agency. There is a real emphasis on people skills and personality; someone who can 'fit in'. Of a cheery and friendly disposition who wants to muck in do great work and appreciate others and what they do. The agency has no hierarchy and the directors are happy to get the drinks and ice at client meetings, (If this helps to set the picture for you). Computer literate, ideally Apple mac based, demonstrating proficiency in Word, Excel, and PowerPoint. Driving Licence required. Location Working in a great modern open plan office in the best city centre area of Bristol (near everything, best shops, bars, theatres etc). Working on national accounts throughout the UK. Package Basic salary circa ****k depending on experience, plus company car or car allowance and expenses We need someone to hit the ground running really soon. If you have worked in the Marketing pharmaceutical/Medical industry, we would love to hear from you. Pharmaceutical, Medical, Healthcare, Marketing, Advertising, Bristol Agency, ****kcar/allowanceprogression. Pure Marketing Recruitment specialise in Marketing, PR, Creative and Digital Recruitment.We work on both agency and client side roles, encompassing all spectrums of the creative markets including Advertising, Branding, Design, Digital, DM / CRM, Experiential, Integrated, Market Research, Promotional Marketing Public Relations. From Account Executives, Account Manager to Account Directors, Project Managers, Client Service Directors, Production Managers, Planners, Graphic Designers, Creative Directors, Art Directors, Artworkers, Developers, Digital Designers, PR Account Executives to Directors. And all manner of clientside roles – from Marketing Assistant/Executive to Marketing Manager/Director, Insight/CRM, Market Research, SEO/PPC Manager, Media Relations/Press Officers, Brand and Product Managers. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/AccountManagerPharmaceuticalHealthcare_job****
