Title: Product Manager
Full Description: My client based in Manchester are seeking a Product Manager / Sales Account Manager to help develop and promote Software products and services business in our home markets and throughout the world, as well as strengthen relationships within existing accounts. Area s of responsibilities: Grow license sales in line with strategic direction, leveraging existing sales channels and growing existing accounts. Develop relationships with existing accounts, key partners, business lines and sales functions. Provide regional and product knowledge support within EMEA and international support outside EMEA as required (e.g. US Observing market and customer needs defining detailed requirements and business cases for products and solutions Managing software products during the complete product life cycle idea generation / testing, market rollout and marketing mix, relaunches and product withdrawal. Manage New Product introductions into the market incorporating effective training, corrective actions and product investigations, including market exit of older products. Manage product profitability, providing appropriate target prices in line with development costs and contribution margin requirements of the business. Generate Sales Marketing collateral for new and existing products, including information for the website. Perform demonstrations of products as required. Represent my client at exhibitions and networking events as required. Monitor competitor strategy, plans, prices and products in allocated markets. Provide Market analysis, investigating opportunities for increased/new business. The generation of Marketing and Product specifications. Provide input to marketing reports on state of market and likely strategic direction. Authoring and checking of technical literature and data sheets. Provide input to tenders to enable successful completion of tenders, facilitating endtoend bid process as required. Maintain uptodate records of opportunities and activities in CRM. Person Spec / Qualifications : You will ideally have a qualification in a relevant technical discipline i.e. HNC/ HND; BTEC; ALevels. A degree level qualification is desirable but overall a competent understanding of software development is what is required for the role. Excellent IT Skills will be required as part of this role including MS Office, Powerpoint, Word, Excel, Outlook). MS Project is desireable but not essential. Good all round ICT skills in order to provide effective analysis of information and be able to demonstrate excellent report writing abilities. Excellent knowledge of the software development and implementation processes is required. If you feel you have the skills and experience to step in to this role please apply below :
