Title: User Experience Consultant
Full Description: User Experience Consultant Bristol ****k This leading creative advertising agency is looking for a User Experience (UX) Consultant to join their brilliant team. This truly is a great place to work, the studio in Bristol has a friendly team that is looking to grow rapidly and they have some fantastic projects in the pipeline. The offices are new and the opportunities are endless. Another big plus, is the rare opportunity to work with an impressive portfolio of international brands. The User Experience (UX) Consultant role is about working within a team to understand the objectives of a brief and working with the Planning, Creative and Technical teams to deliver an interactive experience that goes beyond the client expectations. You'll be supporting the project team in organising and running workshops with our clients, defining the experience to an exceptionally high standard and organising and running usability testing with our partners. It's essential that you have an understanding of and take responsibility for your project and know who and when to engage to deliver outstanding UX. The User Experience (UX) consultant within the planning team and, as such, requires proactivity and engagement beyond the pure UX area. The UX Consultant is expected to be involved in activities and scheduled meetings of the whole Planning department and to work collaboratively with Planners in London when defining the strategic approach to their IA. Rate ****  **** per year Person specification From a skillset point of view, you'll also need to have: • Digital IA / UX experience working in a busy agency environment • A passion for creativity from conceptual thinking to final output • Instinctive brand awareness and demonstrated experience of pushing boundaries and evolving brands • Appreciation of the need to achieve the perfect balance between usability and stunning design • Excellent communication skills and experience presenting to clients • Ability to manage time effectively and work to deadlines, whilst still producing outstanding creative work • Team Player, as well as able to work independently • Skills and experience in delivering truly creative and convincing solutions to clients, staking out the creative space for each project and offering a range of different creative solutions. Pure Marketing Recruitment specialise in Marketing, PR, Creative and Digital Recruitment. We work on both agency and client side roles, encompassing all spectrums of the creative markets including Advertising, Branding, Design, Digital, DM / CRM, Experiential, Integrated, Market Research, Promotional Marketing Public Relations. From Account Executives, Account Manager to Account Directors, Project Managers, Client Service Directors, Production Managers, Planners, Graphic Designers, Creative Directors, Art Directors, Artworkers, Developers, Digital Designers, PR Account Executives to Directors. And all manner of clientside roles – from Marketing Assistant/Executive to Marketing Manager/Director, Insight/CRM, Market Research, SEO/PPC Manager, Media Relations/Press Officers, Brand and Product Managers. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/UserExperienceConsultant_job****
