Title: Product Manager
Full Description: Recruit**** are recruiting for a Product Manager for a company based in Livingston. The client would prefer someone who could work from offices in Livingston (an easy commute from either Edinburgh or Glasgow), but there may be an opportunity to split time between both Livingston and Edinburgh city centre. The role The successful candidate will act as a bridge between the development department and the rest of the company, ensuring that our product is useable, consumable and saleable. You will have responsibility for all feature specifications, technical documentation and product training materials. You will report to the CTO, and assist him in managing the release process, release dates, and provide support to the product roadmap process. You will work closely with other departments in the company; for instance, you will work with our product marketing department to ensure the technical aspects of our product are illustrated to best effect, with our service delivery department to improve our support materials, and with our sales department to provide product literature and documentation to support the sales process. This is a broad role that might suit either a product manager with a technical bent, or someone looking for a first or second role in product management with prior experience in a technical, support, or technical documentation role. The client are a rapidly growing organization, and for the right candidate, this role will grow as the company grows, with further product management responsibilities being passed from the CTO to you. Desired Skills Experience A successful candidate will have a science degree (preferably computer science), a proven ability to communicate clearly and concisely, and a huge enthusiasm to learn about new technology. You will need to demonstrate that you can quickly master the technical aspects of the product, and rapidly become an internal fount of all knowledge'; you will thus need many of the skills our programmers and engineers have, matched by an instinctive ability to convey complex technical concepts in a simple manner. If you've had experience of software product management before, that would be useful, but it's not essential. Similarly, programming experience or other demonstrable familiarity with software technology would be helpful. Experience building technical online communities would also be very useful.
