Title: Studio Manager/Creative Services Manager
Full Description: Production/Studio Manager, Creative Services Bath/Somerset ****k Are you looking to make a real difference to a successful international business? We have a unique opportunity for a passionate individual to join an established management team. You’ll be bringing your agency/publishing and digital experience of managing teams, resources and schedules, to deliver effective digital campaigns. We’re looking for an individual ready for a longterm challenge. As well as developing the department, out client will need the successful candidate to establish new processes and technologies to take the business to the next level. Management responsibilities: • Overseeing all online campaign delivery  digital experience a must. • Scheduling and managing resources • Managing inhouse team • Designing and implementing new procedures, technologies and guidelines • Management and sales liaison • Key account liaison You’ll be joining a Bathbased company which is currently a leader in the international market, but with ambitions for new markets. There are excellent opportunities for progression. If you have either an agency or a publishing traffic/Studio/Production background, we would love to hear from you You must be able to demonstrate some digital experience in your history  i.e have worked in a digital environment. This is a unique opportunity for the South West. We are looking for the best and an attractive and flexible package is available. Pure Marketing Recruitment specialise in Marketing, PR, Creative and Digital Recruitment. We work on both agency and client side roles, encompassing all spectrums of the creative markets including Advertising, Branding, Design, Digital, DM / CRM, Experiential, Integrated, Market Research, Promotional Marketing Public Relations. From Account Executives, Account Manager to Account Directors, Project Managers, Client Service Directors, Production Managers, Planners, Graphic Designers, Creative Directors, Art Directors, Artworkers, Developers, Digital Designers, PR Account Executives to Directors. And all manner of clientside roles  from Marketing Assistant/Executive to Marketing Manager/Director, Insight/CRM, Market Research, SEO/PPC Manager, Media Relations/Press Officers, Brand and Product Managers. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/StudioManagerCreativeServicesManager_job****
