Title: Product Manager
Full Description: A global, leading manufacturer seeks an experience and successful Product Manager (part of a dynamic product management team) to implement and manage an ambitious but realistic growth strategy for a key UK product group. BASIC: ****  **** dependant on experience ADDITIONAL BENEFITS: Comprehensive Benefits dependant on experience LOCATION: East Midlands COMMUTABLE LOCATIONS: Derby, Leicester, Chesterfield, Stoke on Trent, Uttoxeter, Nottingham, Sheffield, Mansfield COMPANY PROFILE: We are a  multimillion manufacturing business who develop, manufacture and supply products to the industrial, wholesale and consumer markets. Based from our European Head office and manufacturing site in the East Midlands, we are seeking a Product Manager who has a passion for development within their career with a clear progression path and unrivalled support. JOB SPECIFICATION: Product Manager As the Product Manager you will build close working relationships with your customers, while maximising profitability across a portfolio of leading products. You will be commercially astute and possess the intellectual capability to turn complex technical information into viable commercial solutions. To be successful in this role you will:  Identify, through detailed analysis, opportunities to provide viable and effective solutions for the customer.  Possess the commerciality to predict market trend changes and capitalise on future opportunities.  Develop working business plans to encourage strategic development.  Develop and implement innovative and realistic product strategy taking into consideration pricing alignment to ensure optimal market value for the product portfolio.  Develop integrated marketing campaigns to support the product and customer relationship activities.  Build first class relationships with internal stakeholders and external customers.  Be passionate about your product portfolio and demonstrate uptodate product trends to internal stakeholders, existing customers and OEM`s to support demonstration of industry leadership.  Work closely with customers to support the growth of their business and identify strategies to encourage differentiation of products. REQUIREMENTS: Product Manager  Commerciality in abundance.  Previous experience of working with a range of technical products and complex solutions  First class marketing skills including strategic product management and pricing.  The ability to strategically influence in a matrix managed organisation.  An exceptional communicator with first class presentation skills.  Strong interpersonal skills with an ability to build internal and external customer relationships.  Proven commercial acumen, with a professional ``can do`` attitude and a natural use of initiative. PROSPECTS: We are truly proud of our team orientated culture which is genuinely echoed across all of our global business units. You will have the opportunity to be a significant part of an ethical, honest organisation where you will be rewarded for your hard work through personal development and future opportunities. With strong core values we encourage people to prosper as our business grows. For more vacancies, please follow us on Facebook, Twitter or visit www.wallacehind.com or find the named retained consultant below on LinkedIn. INTERESTED? Please email our retained consultant Philip Monkman quoting reference PM130171 to apply.a****kd1dhimwallacehind.aptrack.co Wallace Hind Selection. The Old Vicarage. Duston. Northants. NN**** ****JB. www.wallacehind.com  This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ProductManager_job****
