Title: Product Manager
Full Description: Are you looking for your next challenge within marketing? I have a fantastic opportunity that has become available in a fast paced marketing team. This is a standalone role that requires a candidate who is passionate about getting into the right company and developing a long term career. This role is paying up to ****k depending on experience and would be ideal for a Graduate with a marketing degree and experience within a media based role that looks after brands.  Manage the passenger product range to strict deadlines  Spreadsheet and data base experience  Solid presentation preparation and delivery skills  Experience within a role that is media based would be advantageous  Produce product literature  New product launches  Forecasting and planning  Strong communication skills  Experience within a marketing role  Driving license Knowledge:  Understanding brands/ opportunity and positioning within the UK Irish markets  Customer service policies and standards  Understanding of short medium and long term business development strategy  Understanding of UK and Irish trade and retail account base This role offers an excellent opportunity for someone who has experience within a similar role, and who is keen to learn and develop. Please apply in with an up to date cv if you feel that your details are suitable. Should your details be suitable for the role you are responding to, you will be contacted. In the event your details are not suitable, Christopher Benn Resourcing may retain them and contact you regarding future vacancies. Christopher Benn Resourcing will not submit your details to a client without your prior knowledge. Christopher Benn Resourcing is an established Consultancy specialising in Commercial recruitment. We provide a consistently high level of service based upon understanding your requirement and your career objectives. To discuss your next move, forward your CV via this website and one of our qualified consultants will call you. Candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK . Please note that we are unable to sponsor visa or work permit applications. Please note that due to the high volumes of applications received we are not able to consider applications for candidates that fall outside the criteria specified. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ProductManager_job****
