Title: Digital Marketing Executive (Mobile)
Full Description: The business has also recently developed a number of innovative mobile products which are crucial in extending the appeal of the brand to a new audience. In addition to racingrelated products, the company is also expanding its digital product range into sports and football, which is a growing area of the business. The purpose of this position is to aggressively grow their mobile horseracing presence by costeffectively driving core mobile KPIs including downloads, usage, unique bettors, retention and average stake. As a Marketing Executive you will be responsible for:  Executing the marketing and acquisition strategy for the mobile channel inline with commercial objectives.  Evaluating and reporting on postcampaign results, providing recommendations on future campaign optimisation.  Driving new customers to the mobile product via creation of multichannel marketing campaigns (in particular QR codes, inapp/mobile website advertising, push notifications, augmented technology).  Developing and testing both adhoc incentives and programmes of incentives.  Analysis of conversion (acquisition and betting) with respect to marketing activity.  Creation of CRM programme to upsell and retain current users.  Monitoring mobile marketing activity budget and communicating forecasting spends.  Monitoring and reporting upon industry and mobile / tech activity and innovation.  Keeping abreast of changes to mobile handset technologies and the impact on marketing.  Working with external and internal design resources to produce creative, innovative and impactful communication.  Supporting the Digital Marketing Manager in the development of new products, services and improved user experience.  Working with other internal departments including marketers (social, tablet, website) and product managers.  Working with colleagues in the Insight department to create regular customer surveys.  Working with mobile product team to ensure goals are achieved.  Sourcing and communicating offers from third parties which will enhance the Education/ qualifications: Degree level or equivalent. Marketing qualification. Desirable  Previous experience within betting industry.  Interest in horseracing and betting.  Experience of daytoday relationships with external agencies.  Copywriting expertise.  Social media savvy. Is this role of interest? If it is the case please send me your CV at your earliest convenience.Hays Specialist Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T C s, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found at hays.co.uk
