Title: Telematics or Insurance Product Manager
Full Description: The Senior Product Manager is responsible for the following in line with business objectives and regulatory requirements, both personally and through the efforts of their team: The management, development and delivery of a range of products within a designated area and propositions, (including addons). The management of new product development including the pipeline and development initiatives To manage and deliver best practice products and addons, in order to achieve key business objectives Ensure that the assigned products and propositions are regularly reviewed and benchmarked. Ensure that every product within area of responsibility is priced and positioned competitively whilst demonstrating clear benefits for customers. Responsible for new products and propositions from development of the idea to delivery by exercising compliant and thorough controls. Ensure that all products and propositions comply consistently with legislative and regulatory requirements. Deliver full evaluations on all assigned products and propositions; working with business units and key stakeholders as appropriate. Lead, manage and coach a team of Product Managers to deliver and manage high quality, compliant product propositions in line with business requirements Skills / Experience required A strategic thinker with the ability to communicate a clear vision and influence thinking at a senior level and to the team. The ability to manage, coach and develop a team of product managers to a high standard of performance. Proven track record in the delivery of new product propositions. Demonstrated ability to influence, negotiate and communicate/network with key stakeholders. Good analytical skills and ability to interpret management information accurately from a wide range of sources. An understanding and commitment to the delivery of excellent customer service. Desirable It would be useful for the job holder to have some experience in the insurance industry or telematics experience. Adecco are an equal opportunities employer Adecco is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy.
