Title: Web Optimisation Manager  FMCG Consumer Products Market
Full Description: My client is a leading software provider of management solutions.They boast over 50 million users, seven million small businesses and **** financial institutions depend on their breakthrough technology. They are looking for entrepreneurial individuals to become part of an award winning team. Role overview Our client is looking for a successful web marketer to take on this core growth role and join the marketing team in the UK, reporting into the Senior Web Manager. She or he will be dedicated to creating great web experiences for their Mobile Payments customers that ultimately drive revenue growth for the business. As part of the UK Web team, the person will drive the online marketing strategies for the UK’s web channel efforts related to growing their Mobile Payments business online. This position requires close collaboration with marketing managers across offerings, external designers, copywriters, and developers to deliver a compelling, effective and innovative Web experience that surpasses customer expectations  and results in classleading user satisfaction and conversion. Primary responsibilities • Execute on business goals to meet revenue and customer growth, prioritizing across the ecosystem to ensure focus on the critical few. • Understand and manage for individual web commitments, including weekly assessment of how/why we are hitting or missing projection – and driving actions to remedy any shortfalls. • Manage the production of online content and experiences from product concept through to completion. • Coordinate and lead crossfunctional teams of creative and interaction designers, copywriters, and engineers to ensure that web marketing projects are implemented on schedule, on budget and on brand. • Understand basic technical requirements and assist with quality assurance, ensuring consistency of customer experience. • Partner with marketing teams to understand their business goals, prioritize projects based on overall goals, communicate this prioritization clearly to all stakeholders and deliver on expectations. • Own all success metrics for area of business (conversion, revenue, task completion, customer satisfaction, and others) • Work with Analytics to understand and clearly communicate project/test results and implications. Determine and communicate next steps accordingly. • Lead and participate in customerbased research as applicable. Qualifications required Expert in Web Marketing • The candidate has excelled in roles that significantly shaped the consumer Web experience and drove both customer and revenue growth  such as Web Conversion Manager, Website Optimisation Manager, Product Manager, Product Marketing Manager, or User Experience. • Exceptional understanding of Web site design; solid understanding of usability testing, split (or multivariate) testing, Web analytics, and Web marketing • Demonstrates an ability to formulate business questions and seek solutions based on a combination of inputs including data analysis and user research. • Skilled at blending multiple disciplines: business strategy and marketing, project management, and user design. • Comfortable working with web engineers and technical issues. • Experience with Content Management Systems, a plus. Professional and efficient • Demonstrates the ability to manage multiple tasks, priorities and projects simultaneously. • Data driven mindset with strong problemsolving, and analytical orientation with the ability to innovate and analyse alternative solutions – specific to the target at hand. • Communicates clearly, outlining problems, targets, results and key insights, using Microsoft office tools • Operates independently and efficiently with a clear attention to detail • Influences effectively and builds strong relationships Comfortable with ambiguity and has infectious ‘can do’ attitude • Demonstrated ability and passion to excel within an environment of change, start up mentality and a drive for continuous improvement • Self motivating, tenacious and balanced individual who brings ‘can do’ motivation to work every day • Above all has a growing passion for all things Web and can demonstrate energy and passion around a specific area of interest • Bachelor's degree a minimum requirement Important Note: All applicants need to be based in the UK and be eligible to work, this position will initially be based in Maidenhead, however our client is moving to Victoria in June 2013 so you need to be able to commute to both locations. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/WebOptimisationManagerFMCGConsumerProductsMarket_job****
