Title: Group Product Manager  Beauty
Full Description: Group Product Manager Beauty c.****  car  bonus LondonTL**** Following a successful tenure with this world leader in beauty products, it is expected that you would step up into a Marketing Manager or Marketing Director position. Alternatively, you might transfer to an international marketing role or make a divisional move within the UK. All that is asked for in return is your marketing passion, professionalism and an exemplary FMCG marketing background. We are looking for an experienced, high potential Group Product Manager with a proven track record of achievement gained from another blue chip manufacturer. This is a challenging role where you will have full responsibility for developing brand strategy in the UK marketplace, setting the long term strategic agenda and full responsibility for commercial performance. This is a real opportunity to shine in a dynamic, progressive business where you will manage a team or 35 marketers. Our Ideal Candidate Previous beauty experience or real empathy for beauty brands is definitely an advantage and UK experience is an absolute must. With a strong academic background, your marketing experience will cover the full mix of brand management and one of your key strengths will be in project management. Focused on quality and attention to detail, you will not compromise standards and be someone who sets themselves demanding goals; a solution seeker, a professional challenger and someone with exceptional interpersonal skills who can both lead and influence. Team management experience essential. Client Profile Our client is a global giant in the beauty industry with extensive innovation and marketing support. Located in London with excellent tube and road access, whether you travel from the greater London area or further along the M4 corridor. If you are interested in applying for this position, please send your CV to Janine Darley  Tarsh Lazare Marketing Recruitment. Tarsh Lazare is committed to finding the right roles for talented candidates. We are a leading name in marketing recruitment and have significant marketing recruitment experience working with brand management, communications, category management and insight / research specialists. If you would like to discuss this role, or any other roles that might be suitable, please email or call one of the team now.
