Title: Product Manager – Life Insurance
Full Description: Are you an experienced Product Manager? Do you have experience working within Financial Services or Insurance? Do you want to work for one for one of the fastest growing brands in Insurance? Then this could be an exceptional opportunity for you We're working on behalf of one of the fastest growing insurers in the UK, looking to grow their Product Management function but appointing a Product Manager to cover the life insurance product range. The company is has rapidly grown over the year and has only recently opened it's third office in the heart of London. They are a specialist insurers within their markets and have plans for rapid growth over the coming year. They are situated in the heart of London and three offices across the capital. The company prides it's self on helping it's customers make the best decision with their insurance choices and has built an established network of IFA's who share the company's vision. This role reports directly to the Head of Product Marketing, you will be responsible for both the new product development of new products from connect to launch. You will be responsible for the product development pipeline from concept to approval, including market research, competitor analysis and submitting the products through the approval process. The company is a well known brand within the insurance market; they have won numerous awards for customer care as well as being tipped to be one of the company's to work for 2013. Headquartered in central London the company attracts high calibre talent from across the country due to the quality of it's brand. Key responsibilities include: New Product Development. Leading projects & Teams. Managing the product development pipeline Commissioning market research & competitor analysis Monitor and asses the relevant markets to make sure the company maintain it's competitive position. Title: Product Manager  Life Insurance Location: London Salary: ****k  ****k dependant on experience Benefits: Good bonus and benefits package Experience Required: Demonstrable experience in new product development Financial services experience is essential The ability to present to senior level stakeholders Worked in a B2C/B2B marketing environment Ideally degree educated Project Management experience is desirable A CIM qualification is preferred  Must have the necessary visas to live and work in the EU TO APPLY For further information please contact: Max TullisTurner Associate Consultant  Blue Pelican Marketing **** **** 100 MaxBluePelican.com About Us Honest, ethical, professional, knowledgeable, Recruitment Experts. Blue Pelican Marketing is one of the UK's leading marketing recruitment agencies providing a truly consultative service. We adhere to the Blue Pelican Standards (www.bluepelican.com/aboutus/bluepelicanstandards), assuring you of an enhanced level of service whether you deal with us as client or candidate. You can view all our vacancies on our web site www.bluepelican.com, or call **** **** 100 and ask for the marketing division
