Title: Senior Product Manager  Automotive
Full Description: We're currently looking for an experience AutoMotive Senior Product Manager to join our team. Key responsibilities: You will be responsible for contributing to and maintain an adequate product pipeline by identifying and prioritising commercial and functional opportunities. You will develop and expand the operational model to maintain a growing product portfolio in a small business (including. Sales team, Automotive consultants, Customer service and 2nd line support requirements) You will conduct research, and analyse the current market trends and position for existing / potential new products (including product enhancements), customer requirements and relevant competitor positions to scope and define new products at a high level. You will use statistical analysis techniques to produce forecast and predictive models and describe these to the development team for integration with existing data processors. You will use uptodate User Experience Design methodologies to ensure customer requirements are met within a product that aligns to the existing work practices of the automotive industry and exceeds customer expectations as a premium product You will work closely with Database Developers to identify data trends, new industry analytics and advise on emerging key indicators that can be productised to our existing base You will work closely with an Agile Development team to workshop stories and identify the most efficient technical solution You will manipulate and analyse raw automotive data to produce robust metrics and identify key marketing messages You will be responsible for carrying out code reviews and testing as required through the development life cycle You will be responsible for managing all product reporting and measurements, both internally and externally, ensuring that we are maintaining our market leading position with our customers. Required Experience To be successful in this role you will hold strong experience in product management and product development ideally gained within an automotive data analytics business. You can bring a proven track record to develop products aligned to a wider group strategy. Hold experience with full product lifecycle including, Market Research, Competitor Analysis, Preparation of product business cases, Revenue and operational forecasting, Product launch and go to market, Product positioning, Managing product decline and transition. An ability to develop and maintain product roadmaps with clear evidence that outlines commercial benefit and can be communicated through to a board level. A strong track record of delivery in a fastpaced, demanding commercial environment with experience of user interface and workflow design for business systems and application and system integration working with external partners. An ability to identify data research and analysis opportunities that will deliver operational efficiencies in the used retail market, and articulate the benefits of each activity via strong communication and interpersonal skills. Work well in a cross functional environment with multiple stakeholders. Strong market knowledge including: Key customers in target segment (including contacts), Industry bodies and Market sentiment Working knowledge of a range of UK Dealer Management Systems (especially Kerridge, Pinnacle, Gemini, Dragon****DMS). Knowledge and understanding of existing vehicle taxonomy (especially CAP Codes/ID, MVRIS Codes, Fleet Net Codes and Glasses Codes) and identify opportunities for improvement. Experience of working with Automotive datafeed solutions including the specifications of: DMS****/**** and IM1 Technically you will hold skills in software development and testing methodologies including JavaScript VBScript, TDD, Agile Software Development, HTML and CSS3 and data extraction and manipulation using SQL and SAS. Experience in implementing best practice User Experience, including design, wireframing, storing boarding and prototyping are also required. You can offer a strong maths background with emphasis on statistical analysis techniques including: exploratory data analysis and confirmatory data analysis. Knowledge of regression analysis for building forecast and predictive modelling engines and experience analysing webanalytics for consumer demand trends and forecasting is essential Salary Benefits This role offers a salary of ****  **** plus benefits About Trader Media Trader Media Group operates in the UK, Ireland and South Africa. The Group is looking to expand on ****its winning formula: giving trade customers the opportunity to choose all effective channels to market; building the service and relationship with dealers and manufacturers; and strengthening its portfolio of automotive and specialist classified titles. Trader Media Group is jointly owned by Guardian Media Group and Apax Partners. Location Description This role is based in Chester This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SeniorProductManagerAutomotive_job****
