Title: Junior Product Manager  Product Marketing
Full Description: Junior Product Manager  Product MarketingAylesbury, Buckinghamshire**** DOE Plus Optional Pension Scheme, Life assurance, Onsite Restaurant, Gym, Free Parking, 25 Days' Holiday, Medical Cover A superb opportunity has arisen for a Junior Product Manager to join our client, a global organisation which manufactures and sources office products that are sold in more than 100 countries. This is the ideal role for a marketing professional with strong business acumen, looking to join an industry leader offering career progression and development across the globe. What's more, you will be rewarded with excellent prospects and an exciting opportunity to further your career. As a Junior Product Manager, you'll be responsible for supporting and assisting in the management of the company's existing products, launching new products and category management with customers. Working as a part of our client's EMEA Shredding Product Marketing team, you will develop and maintain product data and liaise with Data Standards team for updated product information such as, websites, data sheets and merchandising plans. Reporting to the EMEA Product Manager, you will manage product changes and amendments (ECNs), as well as product photography. Supervising the production of product instruction manuals, packaging and other collaterals, you will also review channel and endcustomer pricing and provide analysis. Your other duties will include:  Analysing competitor products, performance and ranges Conducting market research, including retail, store and online audits Managing sales trend analysis, by market, channel and customer Editing and critiquing customer catalogue page layouts, both on and off line Supporting sales and channel marketing teams on product specific promotional campaigns and training To be considered for this role, you must have:  Experience in a marketing role Good knowledge of Excel, Word and PowerPoint A marketing or related degree As a Junior Product Manager, you must be adaptable and flexible to work across global teams. Additionally, you'll need good presentation and report writing skills, a team player mentality and strong time management abilities. Whilst not essential, experience in a product marketing role would be beneficial. To apply for the role of Junior Product Manager (Product Marketing), please apply via the button shown. This vacancy is being advertised by Web Recruit Ltd. The services advertised by Web Recruit Ltd are those of an Employment Agency. Additional Keywords: Junior Product Manager, Product Marketing, Junior Sales and Marketing Manager, Junior Project Manager, Junior Product Supervisor, Junior Product Consultant, Product Management, Junior Product Marketing Manager, Product Marketing Executive, Graduate Product Manager. company pension, healthcare, staff discount Salary: **** DOE
