Title: Project Marketing Executive – Business Services
Full Description: Fancy a career change? Have you got a strong commercial/business background? You might come from B2B sales, planning/pricing, supply chain/operations or product development. Our client is a leading business services company with a strong global brand. So what will this role involve? Working in the marketing team but not involved in the fluffy stuff, you ll be providing commercial insights on the success of their existing services to help make sure their services are being profitable. You ll also be looking at their customer verticals, industry developments/trends and competitors to identify gaps where they could provide new services but aren t currently doing so. Taking those insights you ll be working cross functionally to develop business cases and then managing those projects through the service development phases until it s out there in the market for their customers to use. A varied role, day to day you ll be involved in research/analysis, writing, presenting and project management. What must you bring? You could come from a number of different backgrounds however you MUST have an understanding of the core marketing principles, perhaps gained in a marketing module of a Degree. Currently you might be in a sales role, be a business analyst, a product manager or be a hybrid of all three Overall you must be able to demonstrate sound analytical ability, good project management skills with strong communications skills and a real can do attitude. So why apply? It s not easy to change career these days this one offers you that very opportunity Salary: ****  **** basic  10% bonus  benefits If this vacancy interests you we d be delighted to hear from you. Please send a copy of your CV to jobsmarkitrecruitment.co.uk or give Ruth Beaney a call on **** **** 280. Markit Recruitment is a boutique marketing recruitment agency focused exclusively on connecting great marketeers and product managers with a wide range of B2B businesses. In the main the roles we find ourselves recruiting for cover; product management, product marketing, channel/partner marketing, demand generation, online marketing and marketing communications. Regretfully due to the high volume of CV s we receive, we re only able to contact successful candidates.
