Title: PR Associate Director
Full Description: Associate Director (B2B) Oxfordshire ****k A unique opportunity for a PR Associate Director to join a dynamic, award winning and entrepreneurial PR agency based in Oxfordshire. With the setup and credibility of a London PR agency, the role of PR Associate Director will give you the chance to utilise your PR skills, dynamism and gravitas whilst perhaps offering a change of lifestyle. The role will be offered initially as a contract, with the hope that it develops into a permanent appointment. You should be comfortable working in a small, friendly environment, but one that is nonetheless fast paced and has plans to grow. Our client already works internationally (as well as UK based) and has a wide client base in the b2b sector, covering tech, public sector, trade bodies, software. The PR Associate Director will be involved in strategy, capacity and team planning, heading up major accounts, new business development as well as the day to day working on accounts and media. It would suit a PR Senior Account Director/PR Associate Director who has PR agency experience, is entrepreneurial, dynamic, driven and motivated. Someone who wants to be a part of growing an already successful, wellrespected business that is busy collecting awards We’d like to get this person on board in February 2013. So if you have a PR Agency background as an Associate Director or similar, we’d love to hear from you ASAP. Pure Marketing Recruitment specialise in Marketing, PR, Creative and Digital Recruitment. We work on both agency and client side roles, encompassing all spectrums of the creative markets including Advertising, Branding, Design, Digital, DM / CRM, Experiential, Integrated, Market Research, Promotional Marketing Public Relations. From Account Executives, Account Manager to Account Directors, Project Managers, Client Service Directors, Production Managers, Planners, Graphic Designers, Creative Directors, Art Directors, Artworkers, Developers, Digital Designers, PR Account Executives to Directors. And all manner of clientside roles – from Marketing Assistant/Executive to Marketing Manager/Director, Insight/CRM, Market Research, SEO/PPC Manager, Media Relations/Press Officers, Brand and Product Managers. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/PRAssociateDirector_job****
