Title: Product Manager
Full Description: JOB TITLE: PRODUCT MANAGER JOB REF: J**** LOCATION: WEST YORKSHIRE SALARY: ****  27,000 One of the most exciting and established food brands in the West Yorkshire area are looking for a Product Manager to join their established and successful team. Based on their flagship manufacturing site you will be in charge of evaluating and maximising the performance of the current portfolio, frequently reviewing sales performance of each SKU introducing new products to the market and managing a range of consumer marketing activities. This is a superb opportunity to join a genuinely dynamic team and forge a long term career within a truly exciting business. This is a varied and demanding role involving the full product management and development cycle. New Product Development, working closing with other teams to ensure the most efficient and valuable development of the products Delivering successful product launches, developing and managing the range to ensure constant innovation and enhancement of the range Design briefing and agency liaison Management and ownership of critical paths Presenting to customers and managing client relationships Providing MI and making recommendations to management Post product launch evaluations Monitoring market trends and competitor analysis and all associated product administration Sales support and producing product support material The ideal candidate will have a proven background in product or brand management and will be from a food manufacturing or FMCG background, will be educated to degree level and will have experience within NPD process and will thrive in a varied, fast paced and creative environment. In return you will receive an excellent salary and benefits package, will have superb opportunities for career development and will be part of a driven, successful and thriving team. To gain more information on this position or to make an application please send your CV to admincharterhouserecruitment.co.uk . Charterhouse Recruitment is committed to a policy of equal opportunities in relation to job applications. A copy of our Diversity Policy is available upon request. Charterhouse Recruitment Ltd is acting in the capacity of an Employment Agency for permanent appointments and an Employment Business for temporary assignments. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ProductManager_job****
