Title: Product Manager
Full Description: Product Manager London (West End)  some international travel I am seeking a Product Manager for a longstanding, successful Media Brand to lead Data s strategy and goals. As Product Manager you will need to have strong experience working within an Agile environment (particularly Scrum), and will be instrumental in owning the product backlog, prioritisation, collaboration with key stakeholders and the development team to remove blockers and provide clear direction. Required Experience:  5 years in a Product Management role.  Experience of working on large data products.  Demonstrate success defining and launching first class digital products.  Track record of working in an Agile (Scrum) environment with excellent skills in creating user stories, prioritisation of backlog, planning and retrospective sessions.  Solid grasp of positioning and pricing, ideally in a subscription business.  Good working knowledge of web technology and online environments.  Accustomed to Product Owner responsibilities in an Agile team.  Understanding of best practices in research and usercentred design.  Experience preparing and presenting business cases for new concepts.  Experience working with 3rd party agencies and commissioning work.  Experience of working with onshore and offshore development teams.  Excellent understanding of Microsoft Office suite.  Previous project management experience an advantage. Required skills:  Able to build relationships with colleagues and stakeholders at all levels.  Ability to engage and bridge both technical and nontechnical staff.  Comfortable working in a fastpaced, resultsdriven environment.  Selfmotivated and takes responsibility for deliverables.  Good team player; knows how to navigate a large organisation.  Innovative and customerfocused.  Organised and methodical in thinking.  Passionate about your products.  Previous people management and influencing skill an advantage. Ideally they would like this person to start as soon as possible, so therefore shorter notice periods or immediate start are preferable but not essential. This organisation is firm believer of promotion from within therefore upon joining the business you will forge yourself a successful long term career. Please do get in touch with a copy of your updated CV if you wish to be considered for this role, please highlight your relevant experience. Daisy Dowden Senior Appointments Media Specialist 
