Title: PR Account Manager
Full Description: PR Account Manager Cheltenham ****k Our client, a highly professional and successful PR agency is looking to expand their team. We are looking to find either a PR Account Executive or PR Account Manager who wants to develop their PR career further. There are real development and progression opportunities available within the PR agency, the agency are passionate about developing your career. To be considered, you must be able to demonstrate a firstclass educational background, i.e. you should at least have good GCSE/’A’Level results at grade C or above, particularly in English. You should already have some experience of working for a PR agency, ideally with some b2b or corporate clients. If you have 2 years clientside experience within a corporate/b2b environment, we’d still like to talk to you. Experience within Stakeholder, B2B, Corporate, environmental or public consultation would be good to see. The successful PR Account Manager will be adept at turning complex material into something easily understood and identifiable. We’re looking for a bright, dynamic, clever people that are truly passionate about PR and their career. You will be joining an outstanding place to work with some key players in the PR field. If you’re serious about PR then this is the place to be Pure Marketing Recruitment specialise in Marketing, PR, Creative and Digital Recruitment. We work on both agency and client side roles, encompassing all spectrums of the creative markets including Advertising, Branding, Design, Digital, DM / CRM, Experiential, Integrated, Market Research, Promotional Marketing Public Relations. From Account Executives, Account Manager to Account Directors, Project Managers, Client Service Directors, Production Managers, Planners, Graphic Designers, Creative Directors, Art Directors, Artworkers, Developers, Digital Designers, PR Account Executives to Directors. And all manner of clientside roles – from Marketing Assistant/Executive to Marketing Manager/Director, Insight/CRM, Market Research, SEO/PPC Manager, Media Relations/Press Officers, Brand and Product Managers. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/PRAccountManager_job****
