Title: Customer Product Manager  Fluent in French
Full Description: Hays Marketing is recruiting a Customer Product Manager (French speaking), to join a fast paced, dynamic company based in Manchester. This position will be responsible for the management of the Trade Marketing activities across France. The role will consist of: Preparation of tender documentation in conjunction with the relevant functions Manage & develop relevant products from conception to launch (inc. briefing products through to loading on internal systems) Working with Project Leaders to ensure on time and profitable launches Responsible for analysis of sales/profitability and management of current product listings (throughout the products' lifecycle) Ensure ranges are compliant with regulatory controls in conjunction with account managers and customers Undertake regular visits to current and potential customers (France) Creation and implementation of promotional activities and supporting marketing initiatives to grow the range Working with local French team to manage the development of the annual French plan Analysising proposed promotions, creation of customer literature, communication via the customer database and acquisition of promotional items. Completed promotions will require analysis and fulfilment of incentives. Develop a full promotional/marcomms plan, in conjunction with the various Sales/Trade marketers, for all products and brief to design agency. Organise and attend French Exhibitions Develop a full understanding of the French market, analyse customers/end users and competitors through market data acquisition, primary or secondary Identify market trends to find and implement growth opportunities In partnership with Category Manager, develop strategies and initiatives to drive local channel growth. Spend time in market with customers and local sales teams to present product and marketing initiatives (sales meetings etc) Skills required: Educated to Degree level (Business Studies/Marketing/French) Possess relevant and strong commercial experience within a commercial marketing role Have experience in bringing consumer goods products to market & creating supportive activities to drive sales Fluent in French , capable of communicating with French speaking customers & suppliers Must have product development and product marketing experience. Please only apply if you fit the full skills criteria. Hays Specialist Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T&C's, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found at hays.co.uk
