Title: EMEA Product Marketing Manager  Software
Full Description: Keen to make your mark with a global leading software vendor? Now operating in all corners of the globe, our client is a market leading innovator with sales in excess of $2bn internationally. Synonymous with what they do, they re a brand in their own right, and combined with their game changing solutions continue to grow at a phenomenal rate. So what will this role involve? In this panEuropean role you ll be responsible for launching new solutions internally and externally ensuring those launched are successful and profitable. With a balance of strategy and tactical execution, you ll be working closely with a varied stakeholder base across the US, UK and EMEA. Day to day your responsibilities will include: Strategy; working closely with internal stakeholders and external partners to create robust product launch plans. Product Launches; working with sales and marketing teams to successfully launch new solutions into the EMEA region. Messaging Positioning; working with internal stakeholders (sales, marketing) and external audiences (analysts, journalists, events) to develop product messaging and content, being the product evangelist. Inlife Product Management; manage products through their lifecycle and retire them. What must you bring? You ll have a classic product marketing background gained working for a technology business and have experience across either software or networking products. Ability to create a strategy for products; positioning, launching and lifecycle management Able to make things happen Excellent communication skills both in person and in writing Extensive experience in high technology markets Of graduate calibre So why should you apply? Global leader with all the opportunities you d expect. Salary: ****  **** basic  10% bonus  benefits. If this vacancy interests you we d be delighted to hear from you. Please send a copy of your CV to jobs N/A .uk or give Matt Dodgson a call on N/A Markit Recruitment is a boutique marketing recruitment agency focused exclusively on connecting great marketeers and product managers with a wide range of B2B businesses. In the main the roles we find ourselves recruiting for cover; product management, product marketing, channel/partner marketing, demand generation, online marketing and marketing communications. Regretfully due to the high volume of CV s we receive, we re only able to contact successful candidates.
