Title: Senior Product Manager
Full Description: Background This role will be based at ARM’s corporate headquarters in the historic city of Cambridge, home to one of the world’s most renowned and oldest Universities. The city is a key driver of global innovation and regularly features as one of the most desirable places to live in the UK. As ARM’s largest engineering centre, the Cambridge site is fortunate enough to be involved in development across all areas of ARM’s evergrowing product portfolio. As a Cambridgebased ARM employee, you will be surrounded by worldleading experts and will have the opportunity to work with some of the very best engineers in the industry. If the challenge of working on our cuttingedge technology excites you, and you can meet the requirements of the job description below, we look forward to receiving your application Introduction A Senior Product Manager is responsible for marketing application processor and system productsthroughout their lifecycle. This includes gathering market requirements, business planning, creation and maintenance of marketing collateral, launch planning and execution. The Senior Product Manager is responsible for editor and analyst briefings, gotomarket strategy. The Product Manager needs to support sales opportunities. and ensure that the Sales and FAE teams receive suitable product training and are equipped to sell effectively. They will also work with other ARM divisions and thirdparty to ensure the availability of SoC components, software tools, platforms to provide a complete system solution and ecosystem. This role provides an opportunity to interact directly with the leading semiconductor manufacturers and some of the largest consumer electronics companies worldwide. The role will require frequent travel overseas. Accountabilities/ Responsibilities Managing the product lifecycle starting with product definition through approvals, development, release and maintenance. Development of collateral including presentations, white papers, benchmarks for product or products and their applicability in the context of ARM’s roadmap and customer applications. Development and management of collaborative relationships with ARM partners (customers) in conjunction with Account Managers (sales) to secure licensing commitments and key design wins. Development of strategies in conjunction with Segment Marketing to explore new markets or expand existing ones and secure key industry and OEM endorsements. Support for the sales and application engineering teams as the product expert as well as by providing suitable product training to sell effectively. Collaboration with other ARM divisions and thirdparties to ensure a complete ecosystem around the product. Planning and execution of marketing communications activities with ARM Marcom to encompass press and analyst briefings, product launches, conference presentations and technology demonstrations. Education Qualifications University degree (or equivalent) in Electrical Engineering or Computer Science. Essential Skills Experience Good knowledge of microprocessors, systems and the semiconductor market Understanding of implementation and process technology Broad experience in a technical sales or marketing role Strong engineering background Willingness to travel extensively to meet with customers and colleagues Excellent interpersonal and communication skills Experience writing business plans and commercial justifications Desirable Skills Experience Experience of customer interaction of a technical nature – ideally in a field applications or technical support role  as well as development work Understanding of software stack, opensource software e.g.Linux, Android Experience of embedded systems development in one or more of the following areas: software coding (C or C++), debugging, testing Knowledge of RISC CPU architectures Knowledge of EDA flows for implementation, system and software development Interpersonal Skills Capable of working as a team player or independently High degree of initiative and a proven problem solver Good communicator, personable and able to work and communicate at a detailed or high level Package Shares (Restricted Share Units) at the discretion of ARM Holdings plc SAYE Private Medical Insurance Permanent Health Insurance Life Assurance Contributory Personal Pension scheme Relocation expenses as appropriate
