Title: Assistant Product Manager
Full Description: Assistant Product Manager An Assistant Product Manager is required based within the West Midlands /Warwickshire area to assist the Marketing Team for a successful leading company. Midlands Birmingham, Warwickshire Upto ****K  Excellent Career Prospects Our client is one of the leading, most advanced and most successful automotive parts wholesale distributors within the UK. Our clients growth is due to a distinctive and unsurpassed array of products within a leading brand range. They take pride in recruiting and retaining talented staff, within a state of the art working environment, to enable them to provide a superb service. Due to continued growth they have a position for an Assistant Product Manager to enhance their Marketing team. The Role Key Responsibilities Product File Maintenance You will support the Product Managers with accurate and timely updates of the company central Product File. Making sure Product Descriptions, Discount Codes and Barcodes are correct and in place. You will also be trained on how to manage the price update process. You will require good process skills and the capability to develop an intermediate level within Excel. Range Development Support You will support the Product Managers in the development of current and future product ranges through research, cross referencing and gap analysis. To support this function you will receive training internally and also from key suppliers on the technical aspects of their products. Catalogue s. Customer Support You will support the product managers in providing first line support for the Technical hotlines for branches, installers and factors, for each of the product programs. Full product training will be provided plus the team has the back up of the technical helplines from our supply base. You will be required to represent the product programs at exhibitions and tradeshows. This may involve some nights away from home. Reporting You will be running product reports from our business systems to support management decisions. Marcoms Marketing communications will be part of the process with written and visual communication being required to advise the company or the market, of new products or features. Also required to maintain the managed programme website. General Administration There will be need for general administration and support, such as updating the company Intranet with communication and content. As time progresses you will be expected to learn and develop new skills to contribute to business efficiency and performance The Candidate Essential Skills or Attributes MS Office with good Excel skills Organisation and planning skills Experience of business systems Appreciation of Marketing Attention to detail and strong with process skills Overview The ideal candidate would be an exceptional graduate or someone moving on from their first role. They must have the potential & desire to become an outstanding product manager and are looking to build their career with a market leading company. Strength in Marcomms is not essential, although if they have this as well as superb analytical, technical and commercial skills this will be a bonus. The Way Forward Should you wish to be considered for the role of Assistant Product Manager please contact us for a further discussion or email your CV to Julian Curtis of Glen Callum Associates Ltd. REF **** Glen Callum Associates are leading automotive and industrial recruitment specialists for sales, operational and marketing positions. We have an impressive client base of market leading manufacturers and distributors and are dedicated in providing candidates with advice, support and assistance in their recruitment search. Our consultants have valuable senior sales, marketing and operational experience within organisations within the automotive and industrial industry, allowing us to share an empathy with both client and candidate alike
