Title: Marketing and Events Executive
Full Description: Want to work for a company growing by 50% year on year? Providing services into a range of companies, from startup s to some of the UK s largest Blue Chip s, our client is one of the fastest growing businesses in their industry. Now employing over **** people from their Global HQ and having recently appointed a new CEO, this business has the ambition and talent to provide you with a superb long term career. So what will this role involve? Working in a dynamic marketing team and working closely with both the internal sales team and the corporate field sales team, you ll be responsible for providing all the tools those teams need to engage and win new business. You ll also take responsibility for organising and project managing a wide variety of events. Day to day you ll cover the following activities: Collateral production; using Photoshop Indesign to create presentations, case studies, brochure s for the sales team to use Copy writing; writing copy for a wide variety of uses including collateral, enewsletters, social media and the website Agency management; negotiating and briefing design agencies, managing timescales Corporate entertainment; booking tickets for sports corporate days Events: organise and manage the budget for sales and educational led events, ensuring invitations are sent out and the relevant collateral and events materials are created Administration; completing a variety of administrative tasks to ensure the department runs smoothly What must you bring? Happy working on administrative duties as well as managing budgets and taking responsibility for running events end to end, you ll be a real team player. With marketing experience, particularly across collateral production, copy writing and events, you ll be bright, articulate, dynamic and with an eye for design. You ll be a natural relationship builder, with excellent attention to detail and a decisive manner. You ll also be comfortable using Word, Excel, Photoshop InDesign. Salary: ****  **** basic, 10% bonus, 22 days hols  stats If this vacancy interests you we d be delighted to hear from you. Please send a copy of your CV to jobs N/A .uk or give Matt Dodgson a call on N/A Markit Recruitment is a boutique marketing recruitment agency focused exclusively on connecting great marketeers and product managers with a wide range of B2B businesses. In the main the roles we find ourselves recruiting for cover; product management, product marketing, channel/partner marketing, demand generation, online marketing and marketing communications. Regretfully due to the high volume of CV s we receive, we re only able to contact successful candidates.
