Title: Marketing Coordinator
Full Description: Marketing CoOrdinator Location: Birmingham Salary: ****k Base  30 OTE  to be finalised The Company Our client is a fast paced, vibrant organisation, leading the way in the UK as the number **** specialist distributor of multi format video games. With over 30 years in the industry, our client has placed their unique stamp in the market; pushing for growth within their sphere through the changing market and economic climate. The strategic development area within the group, and the challenge, is for us to provide an industry leading Consumer Fulfilment proposition to key established retail brands. This direction has created the requirement for a Marketing CoOrdinator to join the rapidly expanding team. This is a fantastic opportunity for an enthusiastic, dynamic, passionate individual to join a highly respected, thriving business. The Role Our client is looking for a creative and innovative Marketing CoOrdinator to assist and follow up on all aspects of marketing and creative planning for key clients. The successful individual will be able to work closely with the internal team, console manufacturers, games publishers and external accounts to support the delivery of market leading initiatives and successful campaigns across all channels of the Consumer Fulfilment business. Functional responsibilities include:  Support the delivery of leading marketing campaigns by way of tripartite negotiations  Develop strong lasting relationships with publishers and retail partners  Ensure critical follow up of agreed activity to final execution  Work closely with product managers to deliver solutions in keeping with their requirements  Provide cohesive administrative support for end to end solutions  Design and distribute sample artwork to both internal and external customers  Website maintenance, advert creation, data management  Promote consumer fulfillment division with internal and external customers.  Champion Consumer Fulfillment throughout the business.  Produce creative mockups in short time frames to match customer needs. The person:  Exceptional relationship building skills  Excellent communication skills  Experienced with all aspects of digital marketing  A highly creative, organised, enthusiastic individual who can work effectively to set deadlines.  Highly competent using a form of desktop publisher  Extensive knowledge of the retail and/or publishing sector is highly advantageous  Be prepared to be fully hands on in delivering goals of the role In return, our client is offering a competitive package of ****k Base Salary with a very achievable 30k OTE (uncapped). The opportunity for extensive career progression is clear within the business. This is a truly unique opportunity for the right person to join a class leading, vibrant company. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/MarketingCoordinator_job****
