Title: Marketing Campaign Manager – B2B Services
Full Description: Want to join a market leading business? Not many companies can safely say they have over 50% penetration in their core markets but our client is one of them Offering a range of business critical services, our client has been in business for over 25 years and continues to innovate its services to meet the ever changing markets they operate across. So what will this role involve? Working in a strong, creative and dynamic marketing team, you ll be responsible for creating and executing integrated marketing campaigns to build brand awareness and drive sales leads. Your campaigns will cut across traditional direct marketing, email marketing, managing a telemarketing agency, collateral production and events exhibitions. With a marketing budget for your campaigns you ll develop the strategy, tactically implement and then report on the ROI, all the time managing external agency partners and internal stakeholders. What must you bring? You ll be from a B2B organisation with UK marketing experience and a strong background in creating and executing push marketing campaigns. With strong communication skills, both in writing and in person, you ll enjoy working in a team environment and have a sound commercial understanding of how marketing can drive forward a business. So why apply? This is working for a well established and profitable business with good career opportunities going forward. Salary: ****  **** basic, BUPA, Pension, 25 Days  Stats If this vacancy interests you we d be delighted to hear from you. Please send a copy of your CV to ruthmarkitrecruitment.co.uk or give Ruth Beaney a call on **** **** 280. Markit Recruitment is a boutique marketing recruitment agency focused exclusively on connecting great marketeers and product managers with a wide range of B2B businesses. In the main the roles we find ourselves recruiting for cover; product management, product marketing, channel/partner marketing, demand generation, online marketing and marketing communications. Regretfully due to the high volume of CV s we receive, we re only able to contact successful candidates.
