Title: Account Manager  DATA, Digital, DM
Full Description: Account Manager Data, Digital, DM Bristol ****k As a DATA, DM and Digital Account Manager you will provide excellent account handling on direct marketing, digital and database accounts working within a dedicated Client Services team and coordinating work through Delivery teams. You will be responsible for accuracy, quality and timeliness of campaigns and projects by managing the briefing, scheduling and delivery process on behalf of the client. To be considered for the role of Data/DM Account Manager, you must have worked within an agency environment and have worked with Data. You must be proficient in Excel. There will be an Excel test at interview. You will be joining a brilliant, highly successful agency that have a great reputation in the market. Key Requirements Direct Marketing experience either Client or Agency with a good understanding of Data. Ideally, you have a professional Direct Marketing qualification, or marketing module as part of degree but this is not essential. Demonstrable experience of direct marketing, emarketing, creative and database marketing (including targeting, segmentation and analysis, profiling and modelling) to a level enabling selling of proposals to clients and explanation of briefs and requirements to internal teams. The ability to juggle multiple projects ensuring delivery on time/ budget and exceeding client expectations. Attention to detail, extremely organised, deadline driven. Demonstrate selfmotivation and strive for continual improvement. Manage own time effectively and understand the need to prioritise tasks and resource. Promotes and develops teamwork coaches other members of the team. PC skills in Word, Excel and PowerPoint. Personal Attributes A passion and energy for the world of digital and direct marketing. Curiosity for the opportunities digital can offer. Confident presenter, delivering with clarity, simplicity, conviction and passion. Creative thinker. Flexibility to adapt to clients changing demands and priorities. Numerate and analytical happy to work at a detailed campaign level. Attention to detail. Excellent interpersonal skills. Integrity and a sense of fun. A love of getting under the skin of customers their motivations, aspirations and connections to brands. Pure Marketing Recruitment specialise in Marketing, PR, Creative and Digital Recruitment. We work on both agency and client side roles, encompassing all spectrums of the creative markets including Advertising, Branding, Design, Digital, DM / CRM, Experiential, Integrated, Market Research, Promotional Marketing Public Relations. From Account Executives, Account Manager to Account Directors, Project Managers, Client Service Directors, Production Managers, Planners, Graphic Designers, Creative Directors, Art Directors, Artworkers, Developers, Digital Designers, PR Account Executives to Directors. And all manner of clientside roles from Marketing Assistant/Executive to Marketing Manager/Director, Insight/CRM, Market Research, SEO/PPC Manager, Media Relations/Press Officers, Brand and Product Managers.
