Title: Product Manager
Full Description: Our household name client are looking for a Product Manager on a fixed term basis for **** year initially. DAY TO DAY DUTIES INCLUDE: To gather requirements for new products, identify and define targeted developments. To ensure developments and business case built based on sound commercial, customer and market knowledge. To drive development initiatives to achieve cost reduction and/or improved contribution. To make recommendations for enhancements to products /systems based on insight gained internally and externally (competitor analysis) Understand and monitor customer needs in relation to the proposition/product and continually seek to improve/enhance the product / system accordingly. To ensure that product is delivered on time, delivering full and effective product launch. To work collaboratively in virtual teams during the definition and delivery phases to ensure all enhancements have internal buy in across all levels To mobilise internal and external suppliers to meet and beat deadlines and deliver early product launch. To keep up to date with technological advances and market developments and advise/report internally as appropriate. To effectively manage risks and issues, with appropriate actions taken where necessary, in line with Commercial imperatives. To support and build rapport with other areas of the business e.g. marketing, data and development. European responsibilities for Media business unit systems / products / projects Desired Skills handson in order to achieve business goals. Excellent analytical ability, with able to think out of the box to find innovative solutions. Project, budgetary and management capabilities. A selfmotivated team player that can deliver demanding targets with minimal supervision. Proven track record of delivering substantive projects either as marketing propositions or as product enabler within a cross functional teamworking environment Proven background of building successful products from concept to final product Experience of working with technical teams (e.g. requirements analysis, project management) to support business understanding would be desirable People management experience is essential Educated to degree level or equivalent in Marketing or a similar technical/commercial subject Experience with Salesforce is desired although not essentialCPS Group (UK) Ltd is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy
