Project Manager (Consultant)
Archus  Birmingham, England, United Kingdom Hybrid 1 month ago  Over 200 applicants

About the job
About Archus


Archus is a team of healthcare specialists who provide strategic and infrastructure consultancy services and advice to health and social care clients in the UK, Ireland and internationally.

Our team includes expert health planners, clinicians, project managers, property advisors and technical specialists. Together, we share a collective mission to help shape the future of healthcare.

Your role purpose and responsibilities


Job Description


Archus have an exciting opportunity for a Project Manager (Consultant) to join our growing Midlands Programme & Project Management Team, to help guide and support our clients and their professional team on an array of exciting and complex projects across the U.K.

Working closely with other Archus team members you will assist in the implementation and provision of high-quality consultancy services and advice. Our aim is to be a partner of choice for our clients, working with them on both the operational and strategic aspects of their business.

You will be expected to be responsible for the management of resources, and projects, within the team. The job offers opportunities to work across the different teams within the office, and across the business, nationwide. The right candidate will be willing to face new challenges head on, and be able to use their initiative, and experience to solve problems.

The job offers opportunities to manage projects within the different sectors of healthcare and work with the teams across the business, but you will mainly:

Lead or support project management commissions and be responsible for the end-to-end delivery of projects throughout their lifecycle.

Act as the key interface for the client or Archus colleagues to provide confidence that the client objectives are being met, and to ensure that the projects are delivered on time and to budget, in line with the expected quality standards.
Role-specific responsibilities:

Understanding and advising at the project inception stage to help guide clients on the approaches available to successfully achieve the overall objectives.
Aiding in defining and establishing the key success criteria for the project, from a time, cost, and quality perspective.
Leading the pre-construction and construction phases of projects valued £1m to £10m.
Supporting senior members of the team on projects ranging in value from £20m to £100m.
Managing the pre-construction and construction contracts (NEC / JCT). Be able to effectively administer these contracts and their specific clauses.
Owning the project plan, which will include reviewing and challenging programmes, dates, periods throughout project lifecycle, and reporting against progress.
Leading and facilitating the overall multi-disciplinary team that is established to deliver the project. Participate and where necessary lead in client meetings, conferences and other project team activities.
Work with the design team, cost consultant, contractor and any other parties to ensure delivery of outputs.
Managing the flow of information between the project team, client team, and design team / delivery team.
Managing the risk management and change management process.
Prepare monthly reports detailing the capital costs, financial performance, programme progress, risks, and key actions, to be provided to the client. Working in collaboration with Trust appointed Cost Advisor.
Advising on the procurement strategy and appropriate resources. Be able to support a tender and tender evaluation process for various public sector procurement routes.
Producing the required formal project management documentation.
Interpret and implement instructions from the project team and Clients. Interpret Project Brief & Scope, work with the client and senior colleagues in developing and collating the key project information;
Adhere to NHS Guidance and build a knowledge and skill set within the sector.
Additionally, we are looking for someone with the following qualifications and experience:

Essential


Degree or masters in Construction Project Management, Building Surveying or Quantity Surveying or other relevant building/engineering related discipline.
Demonstrable experience delivering construction projects at the pre-construction and construction phases.
To be working towards within the next 24 months a professional qualification such as APM ChPP, MRICS, MCIOB or equivalent.
2+ Years Experience in delivering construction projects both pre-construction and construction.
Been involved or Contract Administrated projects using NEC3, NEC4 or JCT 2016 building contracts.
Had some use or formal training on MS Project, Asta, Primavera or other scheduling software.
Possess a clean UK driving licence.
Desired

Good knowledge and understanding of the NHS and public sector market;
Working knowledge of AutoCAD, Revit or other design software
Support will be given to develop skills in core areas of our business to include Business Case preparation and option appraisal analysis.