Product Manager
Triangle Tube  England, United Kingdom Remote 5 days ago  117 applicants

About the job
Aquilo recruitment are working in Partnership with Triangle Tube which are part of Groupe Atlantic, to invest in a product manager to their North American side of the business. please note this role will be UK Based with occasional travel to Hull( headoffice) and travel to North America 6-8 times a year for a week at a time.

This role would suit somebody who is looking for a challenge and a chance to be at the start of an exciting growth period - with an opportunity to have a real input in to the business. This role will provide progression opportunities, and would suit somebody who is passionate, driven, self motivated with a real desire to succeed.


Purpose of Role:

The role is part of the Product Management team at Triangle Tube and covers all the product areas for hydronic heating, hot water, and HVAC that Triangle Tube is currently involved with or might be involved with moving forward including residential boilers, commercial boilers, indirect tank water heaters, pool heaters, plate heat exchangers and other heating and cooling equipment. The Product Manager is a new position in Triangle Tube with Product Management traditionally performed by ACV , this role will be strategically involved in defining and building the appropriate product portfolio.

The role is responsible for:

Definition of new products (product roadmap) and continuous product improvements
Product lifecycle management of existing products
Project management of the delivery of new products against the requirements of the NPI (New Product Introduction) processes
Assembling the MRS (Market Requirement Specifications) documents for submittal to GA-UK (ACV and Ideal R&D & Manufacturing) and the TT management team in collaboration with Engineering and Sales and Marketing
Most of the Triangle Tube product portfolio will be sourced from within the wider Groupe Atlantic business where there is significant manufacturing and R&D capability for these products in several global locations. This role will involve a high level of collaboration with International Groupe Atlantic colleagues both in the UK at the Ideal Location as well as Belgium, France and other locations.

The job holder is required to support and develop the product portfolio to meet the requirements of the market, customers and business and drive the product strategy and roadmap within the assigned area of responsibility.

Primary Responsibilities:

Management of the whole life cycle of the product within the assigned area of responsibility.
Drive product strategy and product road map definition
Build understanding of customers and markets through close liaison with commercial sales, marketing, training, and customer service. Hold timely voice of customer reviews develop and test product requirements.
Maintain thorough product knowledge and be recognized by all stakeholders as expert in product area of responsibility.
Provide product support and timely communication of product information to all stakeholders.
Maintain a sound knowledge of technology and identification of potential products and opportunities. Promotes innovation and advancement in technology / product solutions.
Maintain knowledge and understanding of regulations and standards and pending changes to legislation / regulatory frameworks and assess and communicate their impact on product strategy.
Management of activities in New Product Introduction process on the North American side
Work closely with colleagues within Triangle Tube and GAUK, ACV, R&D, project management, marketing, and customer service to coordinate product launch plans within NPI.
Primary Responsibilities:

In conjunction with engineering, sales, marketing, and finance provide competitor analysis, price positioning and commercial forecasts to drive NPI capital investment submissions and support business development activity.
Develop and maintain constructive relationships with business management and colleagues.
Relationships:

Key internal relationships: Engineering, Sales, Marketing, Finance, and training.
Key external relationships: consumers, installers, rep agencies, suppliers, wholesale distributors, third party consultants
Influence of teams: sales and marketing, R&D, wider Ideal/Groupe Atlantic colleagues
Goals:

Product Specifications meet and exceed customer requirements. Grow Market Share
Develop a rolling 5 year Product Roadmap and produce regular updates on market changes
Adherence to NPI process. Gated Product development process
Development of new MRS for product portfolio expansion.
Ongoing Business support for product range. Coordinate technical market information
Essential Criteria:

路 Experience in an area of gas appliances for heating and/or hot water appliances & applications

路 Ability to work with a cross functional team in a multinational company

Strong background in product management and new product introduction in a technical/engineering discipline.
Experience of proactive interfacing and communication with marketing, training, sales, and rep agencies.
Strong analytical and critical reasoning skills, with effective decision-making skills and implementation of solutions. Data driven decision making
路 Team player with excellent communication and networking skills and the ability to influence and motivate.

路 Hold tangible relationships with key industry bodies / stakeholders (nice to have)

Competencies (Qualifications, Experience, Training, Other):

Qualifications
Degree and or/professional qualification in relevant Technical/Engineering/Marketing discipline or substantial hands-on operational experience in Technical/Engineering/Marketing environment.
Experience (years and nature)
Significant relevant post qualification/after degree experience in a wide range of product management, new product development roles or technical sales / commercial roles
Training
Product Management training
Project Management training
NPI and CIP process training
Product training
Regulation and standards training
Market and customer awareness training
Other
Specific detailed experience of gas boilers or gas hot water heaters