Project Manager
Arcadis  Birmingham, England, United Kingdom Hybrid 2 weeks ago  6 applicants

About the job
At Arcadis we focus on attracting, retaining and developing people who share our passion and commitment to improve quality of life. In return we offer you the opportunity to transform your world and the world around you, that could be through client work, upskilling yourself, championing equality and inclusion or getting involved in charity work, to name just a few. Our people value different perspectives, they care about the sustainability of our planet and dare to shape the future.

One of our core values is ‘people first’, and supported by our Lovinklaan foundation, we invest in you for the long term, to ensure you reach your full potential. You’ll have the opportunity to own your career and work on industry-defining projects, finding solutions to real challenges that make a difference to people’s lives. You’re encouraged to have a growth mindset and are given the space to develop personally and professionally, building a flexible career that works for you.

Role description:

We operate across the world on some of the biggest, most iconic projects imaginable. And as part of our Programme and Project Management team, you’ll play a major part delivering them, taking your career to the next level.

Our team works on a variety of flood defence and adaptation projects and support our clients with the protection and enhancement of environmental matters across England. As a Project Manager you will work on a range of Water, Civil Engineering and Utilities related projects and will be supported to deliver exceptional outcomes.

The sheer size and complexity of projects we are involved with demand a joined-up approach. It’s why you’ll have the opportunity to work with some of the most talented people around, blending diverse skills, experience and perspectives to deliver transformational outcomes. You’ll need energy, agility and a forensic eye for detail.

Role accountabilities:
Contribute to the development and delivery of the capital programme, providing professional / technical expertise to support short- and long-term operational priorities and customer needs, in line with legislation, policy and environmental outcomes.
Provide high level advice and support to resolve local issues and incidents, ensuring that decisions are made on sound technical grounds in line with best practice and required standards & timeframes.
Monitor progress of work, identify risks in the delivery of priorities and implement timely resolution of issues, to ensure appropriate reallocation of time, finance and effort and enhancement of the service.
Manage and administer the NEC Professional Services Contracts for consultant and contractor supply chain partners.
Provide good quality management reporting on service delivery, to support the planning of operational work, inform business decisions and provide a sound basis from which to communication with and influence internal / external partners.
Lead or support project teams to achieve well planned and managed integrated solutions that progress effective change and improvement in the organisation and support the best environmental outcomes.
Establish and maintain good relationships with internal and external partners to understand and influence their activities and promote and enhance the client goals and reputation.
Provide effective leadership to health & safety matters by actively promoting health & safety awareness and ensuring the provision of safe working practices.
Lead or support project teams to achieve a reduction in carbon through both pre- and post-contract stages.

Qualifications & Experience:
Civil Engineering, Utilities, Water, Aviation, Environment, Infrastructure project experience.
Sufficient understanding to be able to: prepare accurate project briefs, review Supplier project plan responses (cost, methodology, programme), prepare contract award documentation and quality review and finalise business case documentation.
Experience of project management and NEC PSC contract management to enable successful delivery of complex and demanding projects according to agreed outcomes.
Membership of; Institution of Civil Engineers (ICE), Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors (RICS), Association of Project Manager’s (APM) or Water and Environmental Management (CIWEM).
Educated to degree or equivalent preferably in an engineering or environmental discipline.
Desired: Flood Risk Management experience and/or a background within Civil Engineering.