Product Manager
eflow Global  Reading, England, United Kingdom Hybrid 2 months ago  Over 200 applicants

About the job
The role is Hybrid with occasional travel to UK offices in Bristol and Reading


Introduction


eflow Global is a market leading provider of Regulatory Software (Regtech) solutions within the Capital markets and Fintech firms.


Established in 2004, the company has developed, sold and supported an existing Technology platform that has proven market pedigree. This pedigree allows eflow to work with clients in the top Tiers of the Financial industry.


Brief Overview


This is an outstanding opportunity for a Product Manager to join a fast-growing company. If you have at least two years experience in SaaS Product Management then that is all we require so please do not hesitate, we want to see your application.


The Product Manager will help design, strategize and execute customer focused solutions with oversight of eflow's Trade and Communications Surveillance products. You will work with the Product and Development departments to deliver customer focused solutions, using innovative proprietary and industry standard products.


This role has the potential to grow into a More Senior Product Management role. Other candidates that have joined eflow at a similar level have gone as far as C-suite position. Within the next two years eflow will be looking for a Chief Product Officer across the whole product set at eflow, a role which is currently performed by the Chief Strategy Officer.


Responsibilities


You Will:

Be responsible for helping shape the creation of future of eflow's surveillance products.
Delivering the vision of the Chief Strategy Officer (CSO) and CEO
Finding the best solution for our Regtech product clients, acting as a Subject Matter Expert.
Conduct market and competitor research to ensure eflow has a market leading product.
Work with the Head of Development and their team of talented product-minded engineers to achieve a common growth goal.
Lead Sprint planning and maintain the product direction based on the team's roadmap and priorities
Building and managing the user stories and epics backlog.
Provide walk-throughs as part of user acceptance, to both delivery and clients, and ensures documentation is updated
Reporting to the (CSO)

Skills and Experience


The ideal candidate will:

Have at least experience building robust B2B software architecture, preferably with direct experience in Regtech/Fintech/ wealth product/s across UK and Europe
Have an interest in Fintech.
Be able to coordinate team of engineers, speak their language and are able to communicate business needs in a constructive & timely way.
Be able to transmit your enthusiasm to your team and make sure you are all working effectively towards your goal.
Be excited to work in an established business already disrupting RegTech in the financial industry and see it grow.