Product Manager
Nomo Fintech  London, England, United Kingdom Hybrid 1 week ago  95 applicants

About the job
Who we are


Nomo Fintech is the technology start-up behind Nomo, the world’s first fully digital international Islamic bank.


If someone told you that it’s possible to remotely build and launch a brand-new digital bank in less than a year, you probably wouldn't believe them. However, this is exactly what we did here at Nomo Fintech in 2021.


2023 will see us continue to develop ethical, solution-driven products that elevate Sharia-compliant digital banking to the level of the world’s best neobanks.


Building on our success with Nomo, we’re now working with global banking and fintech organisations to bring their products to life with our world-class technology.

DESCRIPTION


As a Product Manager you will help craft product direction and optimize the experience for our customers within the designated product stream within the Islamic Banking landscape. You will manage and oversee the entire product lifecycle within for the said product, defining the customer need, market proposition and financial viability.


DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES INCLUDE BUT NOT LIMITED TO:


Identifying the customer need and how it satisfies the wider business objectives and goals
Articulate what success looks like for a product and continually monitor and optimize the proposition
Collaborate with teams across the business to bring the product strategy to fruition
Develop financial strategies and product positioning to drive adoption and revenue
Input into go to market plans and product marketing campaigns
Research and advocate for the voice of customers that will use the product, identifying current pain points and develop new products to address their previously unmet needs
Develop the product roadmap in a way that balances business and customer impact
Apply that knowledge of user behaviour and needs when shaping the product roadmap
Manage and prioritize the product feature list and own their implementation
Coordinate the work of different specialists within the development team and ensure that individual members keep the rest of the team informed on progress.
Work jointly with the growth team to operationalize market strategy and plans for the growth strategy for customer facing products and features
Obsessing over data and analytics of the customers and products
Track the right metrics and execute campaigns with Marketing to increase product adoption and utilization on an ongoing basis
Monitoring the market and identifying new opportunities for innovation
Managing and developing product associates
TYPICAL SKILLS & BACKGROUND:


Experience in startup/fintech product teams
Exposure to banking and professional services is preferred
Certifications such as Certified Product Manager, Agile Certified Product Manager or Certified Product Marketing Manager would be preferable
Experience in managing multidisciplinary teams to meet strategic objectives is important
Data literate and experience using analytics to drive work

BENEFITS


Annual Discretionary Individual Performance Bonus up to 30%.
Generous Pension Scheme (up to 20% in total)
30 days Annual Leave plus Bank Holidays & an option to buy/sell 5 days.
Private Healthcare and wellbeing incentives, deals and discounts with Vitality.
Dental and Mental Health Allowance.
A hybrid working environment - work from home allowance
Choice of Tech
Group Income Protection – Up to 75% of salary in event of long-term sickness.
Personal Development and progression plans including £1,000 per employee per annum
Personal Gym Membership Budget
Annual Health Check Up
Season ticket loan
Cycle to work scheme
Employee Assistance Programme – includes mortgage and pension advice.
Regular social/company events (in person and remotely)