Product Manager - Mass Spectrometry and Software products
SCION Instruments  Livingston, Scotland, United Kingdom On-site 3 months ago  46 applicants

About the job
About Scion Instruments

SCION Instruments designs, manufactures and markets analytical instrumentation (GC, GCMS, GCMS/MS, Headspace, HPLC systems) along with a full range of accessories, consumables and support services. SCION Instruments also markets Compass CDS™ stand-alone and client-server chromatography data system software.

SCION Instruments has facilities in Scotland, Netherlands, USA, Middle East, Latin America, China and a global distribution network. SCION Instruments is part of the Techcomp Group of Companies. More information about SCION Instruments is available at www.scioninstruments.com.


﻿Job Description

In this exciting new role, the post holder can be based either at our R&D facility in Livingston, Scotland or at our production facility in Goes in the Netherlands. We are looking for an enthusiastic self-motivated Product Manager to join our team to focus on our Mass Spectrometry and Software products ranges.

This ‘hands-on’ position is to be the champion of the Gas Chromatography - Mass Spectrometry (GC-MS) products and software associated with both instruments. The post holder will have overall strategic responsibility for MS and software products throughout their life cycle, starting from early market research, through making of business cases for research and development, project monitoring, market entry and implementation and finally product retirement and replacement. They will join a dedicated team of other product managers, marketing and applications specialists. Within our organisation Product Managers have key co-ordinating roles interacting with all departments (R&D, Production, Service and Sales) to ensure that their products have the specifications and quality demanded by our customers and the supporting material and strategy is communicated. Performance is demonstrated by the development of suitable applications (Applications). Outside the organisation Product Managers work with distribution partners and customers. Together with procurement they manage relationships with external suppliers to develop and adapt product portfolios to address changing customer’s needs.

Regular travel between our sites to attend conferences and events and giving presentations and training to customers and distributers will be required.


Skills and Experience

Essential:

Customer satisfaction focused
Technical understanding of Chromatography and in particular Mass Spectrometry software including their specifications and benefits
Business acumen for keeping oversight of the product range, product roadmaps, competitive landscape, benefits and value, as well as commercial considerations.
Contributing towards product strategy and vision.
Ability to identify opportunities and take advantage of them.
Demonstrated project management skills, able to plan and control/coordinate plans, work to budgets and monitor results.
Presentation skills and the ability to inspire and enthuse others about their products.
Communicate (written/spoken English) at a high standard, adapting style for different channels and audiences.
Organised, showing attention to detail and able to create clear and concise reports and records.
Fast, forward thinker with the ability to multi-task and prioritise work particularly when working to tight deadlines
Desirable (but not essential):

Experience in Product Management, Applications, Service, Sales or Marketing with a commercial company.
Experience with Customer Relationship Management (CRM) and Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) data management systems.

Qualifications

A HBO/BSc degree or higher in a scientific discipline such as Analytical Chemistry (Natural Sciences/Life Sciences) along with 3 to 5+ years’ experience.

Benefits Package

We offer a challenging and international environment at the forefront of technology, in an international network of renowned industrial customers. This is your opportunity to bring the next generation of chromatography solutions to the market that will have an impact on tomorrow's society.

SCION Instruments, as an employer of choice, offers you an attractive compensation and benefits package including flexible working hours. Furthermore, SCION Instruments offers a wide range of training possibilities.