Commercial Product Manager - AI, Analytics, IIoT & Cloud Solutions
Rockwell Automation  Milton Keynes, England, United Kingdom 1 week ago  8 applicants

About the job
Rockwell Automation is a global technology leader focused on helping the world’s manufacturers be more productive, sustainable, and agile. With more than 28,000 employees who make the world better every day, we know we have something special. Behind our customers - amazing companies that help feed the world, provide life-saving medicine on a global scale, and focus on clean water and green mobility - our people are energized problem solvers that take pride in how the work we do changes the world for the better.

We welcome all makers, forward thinkers, and problem solvers who are looking for a place to do their best work. And if that’s you we would love to have you join us!

Job Description

Play a strategic role in the evolution & growth of Rockwell Automation
Bring Digital Transformation to life
Be a story-teller & outcomes focussed
....Don’t just be part of the change, be the changemaker!

The EMEA (Europe-Mid.East-Africa) organisation is seeking a commercial focussed Product Manager. This dynamic individual will strategize and execute out-of-the-box strategies for GTM (go-to- market) with Sales, Marketing and Channel business teams.

Position Location Anywhere in EMEA region

A key part of the role will be to play the bridge between commercial and business operations teams along with global business unit (HQ) responsible for technology and development roadmaps.

Specifically, the role will be own and manage the success and growth of Rockwell’s digital transformation platform and solutions under FactoryTalk Hub portfolio, including product suite of FT Edge, Data Operations platform, AI & Analytics solutions plus factory operations and enterprise products.

This is a highly strategic, high investment area for Rockwell Automation’s global and regional growth.

You will be expected to go hand-in-hand with our business units and sales communities, channel partners and customers to positively impact the business. The P/L of this business has been growing in double digits over the past years and you will play an integral part in both the strategic and tactical execution.

Specifically, your day to day will look something like this

Communication & Collaboration is the most vital part of this role
Develop & Drive strategies and business models for direct sales, as well as market access channels like resellers, distributors, OEMs and Systems Integrators
Analyse addressable market sizes, competitive landscapes and potential industry targets in order to design outcomes based and value add solutioning
Support, consult & drive end solutions and value add offering to the field teams
Use tangible market intel. to create, input and drive Go-to-Market plans, including customer persona based campaigns
Collaborate on logical architecture, pricing, discounts, delivery model, target market, etc. with pre-sales and sales organisations.

Who am I looking for?

4+ years’ work experience in the realm of commercial Product Management ; background in the industrial digital solutions space, Azure & AWS know-how and working with cloud based technologies will be a big bonus for this position.
Have an outside-in approach with demonstrated experience matching customer outcomes with product needs.
Challenge status-quo and focus on cross-sell and up-sell go to market approaches
Loves to be in front of customers showing solid problem-solving, communication skills along with influencing capabilities.
English fluency, additional EMEA region languages will be a bonus
Ability to work in a virtual and remote environment within a matrix organisation
Regular travel within EMEA region and occasionally outside this geography (when possible)