Product Manager
Gentrack Ltd (Global)  London, England, United Kingdom 2 weeks ago  169 applicants

About the job
The Company

Gentrack is a publicly listed software company and provides leading utilities across the world with innovative cleantech solutions. The global pace of change is accelerating, and utilities need to rebuild for a more sustainable future. Working with some of the world’s biggest energy and water companies, as well as innovative challenger brands, we are helping companies reshape what it means to be a utilities business. We are driven by our passion to create positive impact. That is why utilities rely on us to drive innovation, deliver great customer experiences and secure profits. Together, we are renewing utilities.

Our Values and Culture

Colleagues at Gentrack are one big team, working together to drive efficiency in two of the planet’s most precious resources, energy and water. We are passionate people who want to drive change through technology and believe in making a difference. Our values drive decisions and how we interact and communicate with customers, partners, shareholders, and each other.

Our core values are: Respect for the planet; Respect for our customers and Respect for each other.

We are a team that shares knowledge, asks questions, raises the bar, and are expert advisers. At Gentrack we care about doing honest business that is good for not just customers but families, communities, and the planet. Gentrackers continuously look for a better way and drive quality into everything they do.

This is a truly exciting time to join Gentrack with a clear growth strategy and a world class leadership team working to fulfil Gentrack’s global aspirations by having the most talented people, an inspiring culture, and a people centric business.

About The Job

We are currently looking for a passionate Product Manager to join the company to manage all aspects of the product from vision to production.

You are:

A product manager with 5+ years experience building high quality products. You’re curious about how to solve problems and you can easily translate user needs into a great product requirements. You can identify opportunities, determine a clear direction for the product, and manage priorities effectively. You’re product manager in your heart and soul which can also communicate and influence sales and executives teams.

You can expect in this role:

Own the product vision, strategy and roadmap
Manage the product plan: capture work from a wide range of inputs, understand and prioritise work to maximize the value that delivers a positive commercial outcome
Explore the next wave of problems with customers through research and regular interaction
Collaborate with your team in thinking big, to imagining future solutions that solve these problems
Constantly evaluate if your solutions have solved the problem through quantitative and qualitative measures
Own and maintain the quality of the product your team is responsible for; deliver value in every release
Motivate a group of committed, smart people to do the best work of their careers

What we're looking for:

You have at least 5-year experience as a product manager in a software company
You have multiple years of experience in a software product role, driving change and learning through multiple release cycles in agile environment
You are independent and focus on outcomes first with examples of how learning and feedback have been incorporated into strategies and experiences
You are a clear communicator who is able to guide discussions with executives, decision-makers, and users
You are ready to represent the product, always looking for opportunities to improve engagement and support customer success
You have an understanding of business application software architecture - web and cloud applications are ideal, and we will invest in growing your knowledge
You have experience with product catalog – huge advantage
You have experience in Utilities industry – big advantage

What we offer in return :

Investment in personal training and development to maintain and advance your performance over time
Flexible working hours to support you in balancing your home & work demands
Have access to opportunities across a growing global organisation
Weekly social events and a vibrant working environment

This will be a role offering constant learning, working as part of a vibrant team. We are very passionate about what we do and, therefore, the successful candidate will be focused and capable of delivering in a fast-paced and time-constrained environment. Our reward package is competitive and global career prospects are good for the right person.