Senior Product Marketing Manager/ Product Marketing Director
Crealytics  United Kingdom Remote 1 week ago  67 applicants

About the job
About The Position


As the Senior Product Marketing Manager/ Product Marketing Director for Retail Media, you will be responsible for understanding the target customer, collecting competitive and market insights, and working closely with product management, business development, and the broader marketing team to create positioning and messaging, external-facing content, and sales tools. Reporting to the Head of Marketing, the ideal candidate excels at crafting product messaging, can translate complex ideas and messaging to compelling marketing collateral, has experience developing pitch decks and sales playbooks, and is adept at working cross-functionally.


Your Responsibilities


Understand and analyze the market landscape to develop effective and compelling product positioning and messaging.
Act as an advocate for Retail Media within the wider Marketing team.
Help define the strategy for our go-to-market.
Support launches for new products and new releases of existing offerings.
Create sales and marketing tools such as sales presentations, manifesto, conversation guides, website copy, white papers, blogs, videos, infographics, best practice guides, how-to tips/tricks, solution sheets, etc.
Serve as the product marketing expert for the Retail Media solution, supporting Marketing. Managers on their marketing activity such as PR, social, customer communications, events, etc. Deliver sales enablement training, as needed.

Your Profile


Native English speaking and exceptional communication skills
5+ years of Product Marketing experience. AdTech, eCommerce or Retail Media experience would be an advantage.
Have prior experience marketing a platform and/or technology company.
Ability to translate very complex ideas into compelling data points, storytelling and visuals.
Client-Centric: business mindset, putting the client at the center of any marketing actions
Strategic thinker focused on quality and outcome.
Team player.
Project Manager - You have the ability to take a project and run with it from concept through to completion.


What We Offer


We offer exciting challenges and encourage your personal development.
Expect extensive training and regular feedback
You take responsibility from day one, working in an agile team of diverse, smart, and passionate people from over 40 different nationalities
An onboarding program like no other, where you’ll learn the ins-and-outs of Crealytics
We regularly provide you with deep insights into our business strategy and offer the chance to shape Crealytics with your input and ideas
You enjoy flexible working hours and depending on your tasks, the chance to work in our other offices – with accommodation provided
Plus: fruits and beverages, dog-friendly office, employee referral bonuses, language classes