Product Marketing Manager - Midnight
Input Output (IOHK)  United Kingdom Remote 2 days ago  50 applicants

About the job
Summary

We are seeking a dynamic and experienced Product Marketing Manager to join the Midnight team at IOG. As a Product Marketing Manager, you will be experienced with hi-tech international B2B and B2C marketing, and will have experience of blockchain, or time spent in supporting disruptive or emerging technology. With Midnight you will play a crucial role in developing and executing marketing and community engagement activities to drive the adoption and success of our first-of-a-kind data protection Blockchain.


You will collaborate with cross-functional teams within the Midnight organisation, including product, engineering, marketing and legal; as well as with teams in Input Output Group (IOG) to ensure our solutions are effectively positioned, communicated, and differentiated in the market.

You will work across strategic planning, content development, research and campaign execution activities; as Midnight campaigns move from ideation into execution. You will be comfortable, and embrace the opportunity to work across the full spectrum of activities involved in launching new and innovative products to market.


Main Objectives

Understanding our prospective and priority users and developing product positioning that speaks to their needs and pain points.
Plan and manage go-to-market initiatives at all stages of the product lifecycle (i.e. pre- and post-launch).
Provide creativity and thought leadership in imagining how Midnight can engage users and the community through different channels and formats.
Manage the full lifecycle of product launch activities across ideation, campaign planning, content creation and marketing execution.
Create tailored and relevant marketing materials, with compelling and differentiated messaging, for different Midnight stakeholders.
Coordinate activities with Product, Engineering, Social and Legal teams to ensure product marketing initiatives are delivered to the highest standards.
Use their knowledge and insights to provide continuous feedback and ideas to help improve Midnight as a product and as a company.
Where appropriate be a spokesperson and advocate for Midnight on social channels, at events, or with colleagues from IOG.

Duties

Research & Analysis

Stay up-to-date with industry trends, competitive landscape, and regulatory developments related to blockchain, zero knowledge and data protection technology.
Understand the competitive and regulatory landscape and identify target markets, customer needs, and competitive positioning.
Understand and represent the voice of the customer in interactions with internal and external stakeholders.
Monitor and analyse key performance indicators (KPIs) to evaluate marketing campaign effectiveness and make recommendations for what we can improve in future.

Campaign Design & Content Creation

Develop and execute comprehensive product marketing strategies to drive awareness, adoption, and revenue growth for Midnight.
Create compelling product positioning and messaging that effectively communicates the value and unique features of Midnight to various customer segments in Web2 and Web3.
Collaborate with the product management team to gather insights and provide feedback for product development, ensuring alignment with market demands and customer needs.
Develop high-quality marketing collateral, such as product presentations, datasheets, case studies, and white papers, to support sales enablement and lead generation activities.
Support creation of compelling and engaging content for social media, including video, audio, blogs, community calls and other innovative formats. Including working with the Midnight advisory board members to create further unique content.
Work closely with the growth and developer relations teams to create resources to support sales, community and partnership activities.

Campaign Execution

Plan and execute go-to-market campaigns for upcoming Midnight launches (DevNet, TestNet, MainNet) across social media, web and events, in collaboration with others in the Marketing function.
Drive demand generation initiatives, including digital marketing campaigns, content marketing, webinars, and events, to generate leads and increase product adoption.
Play an active role in engaging the Cardano, Web3 and Web2 communities at events, conferences, virtual stages and through other social media channels.

Leadership

As Leaders it is our responsibility to motivate, develop and progress our fellow team members. There is a need to communicate openly with all members of the team, across functions, and address any issues head on and not shy away from difficult conversations. Empowering your team to provide the best results by organising clear processes and coordinating team efforts should be your top priority. Please read our Leadership at IO Global for more information on your duties and responsibilities as a leader at IOG.


Requirements

Key Competencies

Have strong knowledge of product and marketing domains to understand how to identify and engage relevant users of our solutions.
Have a keen interest in Blockchain technology developments, trends in Web3, and market/competitive developments in this space.
Have strong project management skills, be resourceful and use initiative.
Bring creativity and a desire to be innovative when it comes to designing and creating marketing activities and content.
Leverage strong interpersonal skills to drive product marketing campaigns alongside a team of world-class engineers and business leaders.
Have exemplary people and communications skills coupled with the savvy and maturity needed to garner the respect of colleagues and clients.
Set clear strategic guidelines and objectives for campaigns and initiatives.
Identify team objectives and KPIs to attain, and ensure their completion.
Be a single point of contact for coordination and decision making, as well as coordinate other team members activities and priorities.
Speak clearly and persuasively in all situations, conduct effective presentations and productive meetings involving various internal and external stakeholders.
Excellent written and oral communication skills, along with strong quantitative analysis skills.
A strong team player, results oriented, metrics driven and capable of working in a fast paced, changing environment.

Education / Experience

Minimum of 5 years experience as a Product Marketing Manager or Product Manager with a focus on marketing activities.
Experience marketing hi-tech / emerging / disruptive technology solutions in B2B and B2C environments. Start up experience is a plus.
Experience developing and launching Blockchain and/or Web3 products..
Experience in regulated markets (e.g. financial services, healthcare, government) building enterprise grade software products is a plus.
Experience in defining customer needs, customer experience and creating targeted marketing content across multiple channels.
Demonstrated track record of effective project management and ability to manage multiple projects and deadlines.
Experience defining metrics and measuring the success of campaigns or initiatives that are launched.
Experience working in an Agile environment and engaging with multi-disciplinary and technical engineering teams.
Ability to travel internationally.

Benefits

Location

IOG is a distributed organization and therefore this is a remote position. Due to team distribution, we are ideally searching for someone in Ireland or the UK.