Product Manager
Airtime Rewards  Manchester Area, United Kingdom Hybrid 1 month ago  Over 200 applicants

About the job
About Us

Airtime Rewards are delivering the leading data-led rewards technology globally.


We believe every shopper should feel great about their daily spend.


Our app is loved by our members (~3M!) and we're continually building new features that drive towards our vision that sees hundreds of millions of pounds saved on phone bills.


Alongside this, we work with some of the best-known retailers to revolutionise their performance marketing. We're giving them brand new information and insight that transforms their understanding of their customers.


We do all this with our cutting-edge proprietary technology, utilising real time purchase data and AI learning to delight our members and maintain relationships with >200 retailers (including Boots, Greggs, and Tesco to name a few!).


It's a simple, best-in-class experience.


We pride ourselves on culture, are solving new problems and need great people to join us on our international journey as we deliver the leading data-led rewards technology globally.


The Opportunity

Product Managers at Airtime Rewards are accountable to creating, maintaining and delivering on a Product strategy in line with our vision to make our members and the business significantly more successful.


It requires a deep understanding of the market, customers, technology and business, the ability to inspire and align internal stakeholders of all levels to deliver outstanding features which achieve goals.


The person needs to be strategic, an excellent communicator and superb in motivating cross-functional teams to achieve ambitious targets. Your key accountabilities will be:


Become an expert in the relevant market/domain for your Product and to be the go-to person for knowledge
Know how to identify and collect the right data sources to understand customer problems and opportunities
Be an excellent communicator and storyteller who can align stakeholders of all levels to a clear strategy and roadmap
Demonstrate progress against key metrics (including how to both identify and measure)
Manage product growth with tech debt and other BAU issues
Ensure that PCI compliance and GDPR remain at the heart of all processes and decisions
De-risk features through carrying out the appropriate validation with customers
Build great relationships with Engineering and operate as key, outstanding contributor to a cross functional team
Work in an agile manner, finding the smallest increments to solve problems and validate hypotheses

Requirements

You have natural Product Sense and have an innate ability to to talk through why products are successful and how to create them
You’ll be “High agency”- able to find a way to get what you want, without waiting for conditions to be perfect or otherwise blaming the circumstances
You’re experienced in maximising the value of Design, Engineering, Marketing, Finance, Data stakeholders and more in the product process
You’re commercially minded and know how to build Products that are not just enjoyed, but part of a profitable and sustainable business
You’ll be an excellent communicator and understand how to work effectively with teams and stakeholders of all levels
You have high emotional intelligence and understand how your behaviour impacts the people around you

Colleague Benefits

Share options.
23 days annual leave, plus one for each year served (capped at 26).
Birthday leave.
Learning & development budget / time allocation
Flexible start & finish hours 06:30 - 10:30am
Life assurance at 5x salary
Health cash plan
Virtual GP appointments for you and your family
24/7 helpline for physical and mental health support, counselling, and other wellbeing resources
Private Medical Insurance
Hybrid working between home and office
City centre location with brand new fit out (when in the office)
Buy a holiday scheme
Charity day
Charity contribution
Professional accreditation funding
Enhanced Maternity, Paternity & Adoption leave pay