Product Manager (Temporary)
Cengage EMEA  Andover, England, United Kingdom Hybrid 3 weeks ago  12 applicants

About the job
Cengage Group's National Geographic Learning has an exciting new vacancy for a temporary Production Manager to work on a hybrid work schedule supporting project management throughout the production cycle and delivering publishing requirements for a period of 6 months.


The ideal candidates will have experience working on ELT and/or CTE projects in one or more subject areas, preferably with Ministries of Education.


Cengage Group offers 23 days annual leave plus additional wellness days given at the companies discretion. Cengage Group also offers private healthcare, a company pension, employee assistance program, a recognition platform where points can be exchanged for high-street vouchers as well as annual flu vaccine and eye care vouchers.


Applications close date: Wednesday 31st May 2023


Job Title: Production Manager (Temporary)

Business Unit: National Geographic Learning (NGL)

Department: Global Partnerships

Reporting to: Senior Production Manager

Line Reports: None

Based: Hybrid working (office and home based)

Date last reviewed: May 2023


Purpose


Global Partnerships support National Geographic Learning’s regional teams in securing Ministry business and developing our public sector footprint globally. NGL has successfully secured contracts with key Middle East Ministries of Education to co-develop materials in English Language Teaching and Career Technical Education. The Production Manager supports project management throughout the production cycle, to successfully deliver publishing requirements. Working closely with the Senior Production Manager, Design and Editorial colleagues, this role provides high-quality project management across a range of print and digital products.


Key Accountabilities


Project Management & Scheduling


Supports project planning, budget tracking, schedule tracking and all production aspects of assigned projects from manuscript through to final print or digital output, including print books, course management systems, eBooks, presentation tools and websites.
Work with Production and Design suppliers, Editorial, Sales and Marketing to commission design work for cover visuals and sample pages.
Ensure cover visuals and sample pages are circulated to relevant colleagues and reviewed/finalized to meet market expectations.
Manage vendor activities ensuring NGL brand values are met, commissioning page layout, illustrations, image research and permissions data input. Ensure vendors are accountable for adhering to quality, budget, and schedule expectations.
Manage preparation of final file delivery for output.
Work proactively and collaboratively with cross-functional teams, with clear and prompt communications, to ensure timely delivery of all content, component and source files.
Support data management and digital product tracking using business systems. Ensure data is accurate and reporting is transparent for other functions.
Ensure all project data is accurate and complete.
Ensure on-time delivery of complete project deliverables to the central archive.

Budgets


Working with the Senior Production Manager, investigates areas for cost savings without making compromises on quality. Monitors all costs throughout the Production process and promptly reports and resolves potential or actual budget overruns. Recommends solutions to mitigate risks to keep project on budget.
Reviews, approves and processes invoices.

Internal


Key Relationships:


Senior Production Manager (line manager)
Senior Production Manager (non line manager)
Production Managers
Designer
Editorial, Sales, Marketing and Manufacturing colleagues
US colleagues including IP, Media Research and Operations team

External


Publishing services vendors and freelancers
Partnership Production, Design and Editorial colleagues (eg Sphinx)

Role Requirements


Experience/Achievements


Experience working on ELT and/or CTE projects in one or more subject areas, preferably with Ministries of Education
Experience managing complex, multi-component, publishing projects
Experience managing vendors, freelancers and associated budgets
Deep knowledge of production processes
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Excellent PC skills with knowledge of Word, Excel, and Outlook
Experience of image research and/or photoshoots (preferable)

Skills/Knowledge


Professional, positive, approachable
Excellent organisational, time-management, and planning skills
Patient, collaborative, and respectful team player
Good analytical thinking and numeracy skills
Pro-active problem-solver
Behaves ethically, supporting NGL’s core values and codes of conduct
Disciplined yet flexible enough to adapt to continuously changing priorities.