Product Manager
Miller Maxwell Ltd  London Area, United Kingdom Hybrid 5 days ago  67 applicants

About the job
Product Manager – A expanding product strategy group, within this leading electronic trading - investment banking business seeks to hire an experienced product manager. The team’s drive is to produce advanced trading solutions utilising innovative technology. The Product Manager will join a product strategy team, working across business groups to design, develop, testing and overall quality management of products. The Product Manager will work closely with software engineering teams and quality assurance to ensure that products and solutions meet requirements and business goals.


The main responsibilities of the Product Manager will be;


Liaising with the development, testing and project management teams to ensure teams are working collaboratively.
Interact with senior business stakeholders and clients Co-coordinating with the fellow product and client managers to communicate client requirements to development teams
Work with the team to break down features into requirements
Work collaboratively with testers, architects, engineering stakeholders, and business members
Working through the full development life cycle – FDLC
Adopt and adhere to the standards and processes on the team and contribute positively to changes.

The Product Manager should have;


Proven product management experience within a financial services organisation - an Asset Manager, Brokerage, Electronic Exchange, FinTech, Investment Bank or Software Vendor.
Must have experience with electronic trading- real-time trading software type environment.
Asset class experience - Equities - required.
Agile software environment experience & development processes.
Experience working with development and testing teams.
Strong stakeholder management skills.

This is a fantastic opportunity for a Product Manager to join a market-dominant company. You will make a major contribution to ensuring the successful design, improvement, and maintenance of the leading platform within the market. The product Management package includes a competitive bonus, pension, life insurance, private medical, and more. Please contact Miller Maxwell ASAP for further information