Product Manager
Simmons & Simmons  London, England, United Kingdom Hybrid 1 week ago  36 applicants

About the job
Description

The role:

The New Business Team is part of Simmons & Simmons Solutions, the home of the firm's non-traditional legal products and services. Spurred on by consistent growth and success for several years, the department is focusing on its next phase of development in line with the business' wider digital and legal technology strategy.

The New Business Product Manager will oversee a portfolio of existing digital products and take responsibility for assessing and launching new ideas.

What will you do:

Work with Product Owners to manage a portfolio of existing legal products.
Ownership of financial performance of these products, including working with Finance Department to optimise reporting.
Ongoing assessment of viability of existing products, areas for improvement and management of updates and new features when required.
Working with Sales team to improve client engagement and product sales.
Engagement with stakeholders to generate and develop new product ideas.
Management of product development process, including user testing and value proposition development.
Working closely with the (new) products operations team to optimise ways of working and improve efficiencies from ideation through to invoicing.
Working with internal and external development teams and management of third-party vendors when required.

What we are looking for:

Experience with product and service development and management.
Excellent communication skills.
Ability to manage uncertainty and balance multiple calls on their time.
Genuine interest and stake in the future of professional services.
Decent level of technological proficiency and the ability to have informed conversation with technical specialists.
Willingness and ability to build basic prototypes when necessary - using tools from PowerPoint to low code platforms.
Education & Qualification - No minimum requirement - we're most interested in how you will apply your experience to the role, not the specifics of that experience.

Here at Simmons & Simmons:

We believe our people define us. Our working environment is genuinely collegiate with a supportive atmosphere and team ethos - we have a reputation for being a friendly culture which we are very proud of. An inclusive and diverse culture, our innovative approach and being truly international are just a few more things that make us, us.

Competitive Offer Package including bonus's dependant on role/level, private medical insurance & pension contribution to name a few.
Our global skills academy provides our people - regardless of their role and location - with the best learning opportunities the firm has to offer (including podcasts, short videos, live workshops and practical learning experiences).
Dress 'for your day' Code.
Hybrid working approach of 2 days a week required in the office with flexibility dependant on role/team/client demands.
A wide range of international offices including: Hong Kong; Dubai; Tokyo; Dublin; Milan; Bristol; Madrid; Singapore.
All offices have their own artwork collections - with a Damien Hurst and a Tracey Emin in the London office. We have a long standing history in supporting the art community especially up and coming artists.
The creation of Simmons & Simmons Solutions - bringing together the best legal advice from our established legal teams with non-traditional capabilities that enhance, expand and differentiate the Simmons offering.
Top 50 Employer for Social Mobility in the Social Mobility Employer Index 2021 (we have received this award five times).
We have Social and Sport Committees contributing to Xmas & Summer parties, end of month social and various sporting events.
We also have a range of Diversity Network Groups including LGBT+, Emerge (Race & Ethnicity) and The Number One Club (Women's network) who have organised various talks and events firmwide.

If you are interested in finding out more about this position then please contact the Recruitment Team with any questions. To apply for the role please click on the link at the bottom of the page/visit the career pages on our website, where there is also a detailed job description.