Manager - Product Care
GE Renewable Energy  Stafford, England, United Kingdom 1 week ago  19 applicants

About the job
Job Description Summary The Product Care Manager is accountable for active product lifecycle management of the Control and Protection system, including platform software, firmware, tools, VBE and low voltage electronics for the valve.

The product care manager leads a global team of engineers within the above disciplines, develops visions and sustainable strategies to build on the success in close co-operation with other functions.

The spectrum of responsibilities ranges from new product introduction to existing product stabilisation, optimising the efficiency of existing products and obsolescence management.

The Product Care Manager is responsible for the RTS budget belonging to the C&P System and drives the budget process from start (MGPP) to completion (SGII).

Product care proactively maintains the C&P platform and valve electronics, handling obsolescence and implementing a life cycle process for the parts included, including what and when to communicate to customers, internal as well as external.

Implementing and perfecting processes and tools to maintain and develop version handling and releases.

Develop skills and competencies to maintain and develop the platform. Recommend the make/buy as well as developing external partners for outsourcing non-core activities. Job Description

Roles and Responsibilities

Create and maintain the budget for the department
Build and develop the skills and competencies needed to maintain the C&P Platform and low voltage electronics for the valve.
Develop and maintain processes and tools to handle revisions and releases of components, software, FW etc.
Collect and analyse information on performance of the C&P system and low voltage electronics for the valve.
Work closely with After Sales and Service to create the operating models and processes for spare parts and support
Maintain and create connections with internal and external partners
Drive Supply Chain Management active involvement maintaining the C&P system and low voltage electronics for the valve
Keep up to date with the trends in the market, customer feedback etc
Drive the development of the C&P system and valve electronics through CI and NPI depending on the nature of the need.
Reduce the cost of maintenance of the C&P system in a sustainable way.
Create a technical governance of the C&P system and valve electronics including the interface to Change Review boards and similar.

Required Qualifications

Bachelor degree or above in Engineering with demonstrated track record of successfully leading engineering teams

Excellent written and verbal communication skills across different levels/disciplines

Solid organizational skills including attention to detail and multi-tasking skills

Strong can-do attitude and energy level

Familiarity with GE processes and metrics

Demonstrated experience working with cross-functional teams, such as engineering, sourcing, manufacturing, commercial etc.