Digital Product Manager
Global Payments Inc.  Leicester, England, United Kingdom Hybrid 3 weeks ago  80 applicants

About the job
Every day, Global Payments makes it possible for millions of people to move money between buyers and sellers using our payments solutions for credit, debit, prepaid and merchant services. Our worldwide team helps over 3 million companies, more than 1,300 financial institutions and over 600 million cardholders grow with confidence and achieve amazing results. We are driven by our passion for success and we are proud to deliver best-in-class payment technology and software solutions. Join our dynamic team and make your mark on the payments technology landscape of tomorrow.


About Us

Global Payments is a Fortune 500 worldwide payment technology and software company, providing the world’s leading complete commerce ecosystem to businesses of every size. Our unique, connected infrastructure serves every dimension of commerce, carrying billions of transactions every year—safely and seamlessly.

In the UK & I we employ over 500 people across 5 sites and work with over 60k customers including blue chip companies such as The Post Office, Five Guys & Trainline.


About the Role

Product Managers at Global Payments are responsible for a wide range of responsibilities central to developing Global Payments core features. You will be responsible for helping guide the product, operational, strategic, commercial, and overall proposition of your ‘owned’ focus area.

You will focus on formalizing concepts and guiding the Development team on implementation and additionally be focused on the product value-chain: working with Account Management, Sales, Marketing, and Support to communicate and refine the solution propositions and go to market approach. As such, the ideal candidate thrives on a multifaceted role across the entire lifecycle of a product, wearing many hats to see Global Payments goals through conception, implementation, launch and in life support.

Being customer-facing, Product Managers are a key pillar in defining the next generation of payments solutions Global Payments will bring to market. This role offers an incredible opportunity to progress one's career in an exciting and ever-evolving industry.


Responsibilities:

Become a subject matter expert on the Global Payments integration layer including our range of Hosted and API-based solutions for payment processing as well as supporting SDKs
Lead roadmap planning for owned areas, creating, managing and prioritising your backlog
Own go-to-market approach for your owned area, effectively communicating upcoming releases internally and externally.
Create and own measurement approach for your area, clearly articulating business value for existing and planned enhancements
Become competent with business objectives, and payment/distribution strategies and design the solutions to support these
Partner with marketing on the development and creation of sales / customer assets for owned areas
Support solution and innovation workshops onsite with our customers or from our UK innovation centre
Support scaling initiatives - to share expertise via Lunch and Learns, team meetings, training sessions
Produces quarterly reports with insights for internal and external consumption
Host solution workshops between internal stakeholders and customers - whiteboarding together to craft solutions that meet complex requirements
Owns and manages feedback loop for respective focus area and feeds into ongoing product development
Develops and reports on all pipeline activity across business groups

About You

With all this in mind, we need to strengthen our capability in the product and solutions team. We’re looking for someone who has experience from their first or second tech role and now is ready to step up and excel in a Fortune 500 ever-growing company that operates in an equally fast environment.

What’s just as important to us is how you do it. We are a team of diverse people and how is just as important as what for us. We are passionately looking for someone who is;


Minimum 2-3 years of experience in a Product Owner/Product Management role
Experience of working within a technology, software or payments environment
Expert knowledge of card tokenisation (including Network Tokens) and Digital Wallets
Able to navigate technical aspects of owned areas providing subject matter expert guidance to internal and external stakeholders.
Strong problem solving skills – able to break down problems into proposed solutions
Able to demonstrate end to end feature / concept development, from ideation through to release and in life support
Able to communicate with all audiences – comfortable with translating “tech-speak” into layman's terms for non-technical audiences
Comfortable with a consultative approach when dealing with customer and partners
Driven and outcome focused but with a collaborative and empathetic style
Passionate about solving problems via a combination of technology, collaboration and innovation
Able to make tough decisions, knows how to arrive at those decisions and how to see them through
Passionate about challenging the status quo and has an appetite for change. In our world, we can’t stand still
Is resilient and can own projects without micro-management
Willing to spend up to 50% of their time working with key stakeholders, both internal and external. This can mean up to 20% travelling for onsite meetings / workshops
Curious, knowledgeable and personable, with a nature that helps you to transfer your enthusiasm for our business, industry and technology