Senior Product Manager - Cloud Optimisation
Experian  Nottingham, England, United Kingdom Hybrid 2 days ago  47 applicants

About the job
Company Description

Discover the Unexpected

Experian is the world’s leading global information services company. We’re passionate about unlocking the power of data in order to transform lives and create opportunities for consumers, businesses and society. For more than 125 years, we’ve helped economies and communities flourish – and we’re not done.

Our 21k amazing employees in 40+ countries believe the possibilities for you, and the world, are growing. We’re investing in the future, through new technologies, talented people and innovation so we can help create a better tomorrow. To do this we employ the brightest minds that share our purpose and want to make a difference.

Job Description

We are currently looking for an experienced Senior Product Manager to join our Decisioning Software business.

By way of background, Decisioning Software is one of the UKs largest product businesses (~$50m) and is core to what Experian does; helping consumers and lenders manage and maximise relationships with their new and existing customers, whilst effectively managing their portfolios. Over the last 30 years, the Decisioning Software PowerCurve products have been the market leading software for Banks, Financial Services, Telcos and Utilities to acquire, manage and collect debts from their consumer or commercial customers. Our software is often a mission critical part of how they run their businesses successfully. Our clients demand market-leading products, with strong roadmaps and want to be able to gain access and use them in the easiest and most cost-effective way.

Our unique culture and agile ways of working offer a great opportunity to those seeking to join a talented set of diverse problem solvers to design, build and maintain our products. We pride ourselves in excellence, adopting best practices and holding ourselves to the highest standards.

Key Responsibilities

Working with senior leaders to communicate the vision and roadmap to internal and external stakeholders, including clients, prospects, internal and external partners, as well as the wider Decisioning Software business unit and UKI Region.
Managing the product lifecycle for your specific products, from understanding market needs, identifying product opportunities, developing revenue generating products and services, training, launch, distribution and product marketing and adhering to the Experian Athena Innovation Framework
Ownership of cloud profitability – ensuring we maximise revenue and cost opportunities created by cloud services, driving efficiencies with our people, processes and architecture and creating new revenue streams from new cloud services and approaches.
Understanding wider market sizing, cloud trends and movements, including competitive threats and opportunities
Developing and effectively implementing ‘Go to Market’ (GTM) sales plans, working cross-functionally to ensure successful execution to achieve revenue targets

Qualifications

Required Knowledge and Experience:

Experience of cloud-based software services – particularly using the AWS cloud
Knowledge and understanding of cloud costs, cloud optimisation tools and techniques
Experience of cloud revenue maximisation approaches
Product Management or Proposition Management experience
Experience of PowerCurve or equivalent competitor products
Understanding and experience across financial services
Understanding of product development processes, including familiarity with project management concepts
A good understanding of how client insight should influence the development and innovation process.
A proven track record of effective delivery in a fast-paced organisation
Strong partnership and collaborative style with outstanding communication skills: written, verbal and presentation. Engaging, informative, and to the point
The ability to manage multiple projects and workload prioritisation
Resourceful, creative thinker with strong analytical skills