Senior Project Manager - Education
Mace  Birmingham, England, United Kingdom On-site 3 days ago  16 applicants

About the job
The opportunity

Mace has a significant track record in the Education sector, working with schools, colleges, local authorities, and central government to deliver ‘landmarks for learning’ nationally with a strength of vision and concept that are sustainable, inherently flexible and able to change to meet future needs. Mace’s is the leading consultant for the Department for Education (DfE) and is delivering projects across all their principal capital programmes, including the Schools Re-building Programme (SRP), Free Schools, Special Educational Needs and Further Education (Colleges).

We are seeking Lead Technical Advisors/Project Manager looking to further their careers and lead high performing multidisciplinary teams on a wide portfolio of work covering new build, refurbishment, remodelling and carbon reduction schemes. Mace’s ability to provide the key multidisciplinary services of design, cost, information management, sustainability and health and safety in house means that clients benefit from an integrated end to end service with a single point of accountability.

These are client-facing roles involving developing the clients’ strategy, initial design, contractor appointment and contract management. In addition to supporting our client’s property objectives, our projects typically include BIM, off-site construction, soft landings, social value creation, and people and skills development. All projects typically require NZC in operation and sometimes in construction.

Mace people share a common drive to succeed, enthusiasm for their work and a passion for providing exceptional service to our clients and communities. This is embodied within our purpose “To redefine the boundaries of ambition,” underpinned by our three distinct priorities; pursue a sustainable world, grow together, and deliver distinctive value.

Mace has an agile working approach with duties performed from home and Mace offices. Occasional travel will be required to project sites and Mace Hub offices. The roles are flexible and allow for full or part time working.

About You

You will have experience of delivering projects in a consultancy environment, keen to grow your career and enjoy the opportunities Mace has to offer. Experience of the education sector would be preferable although demonstratable relevant experience alongside a desire to learn will suffice. If you have a passion for delivering excellent client service, then you will feel at home with Mace.

You should have a suitable qualification in a relevant discipline and ideally a member of a professional body institute such as RICS, CIOB, APM or equivalent. We welcome applications from professionals currently interested in converting to project management from other technical disciplines.

You should have excellent communications skills, emotional intelligence and want to build lasting relationships with clients and Mace team members.

Lead Technical Advisor / Lead Consultant – Key Responsibilities
Lead our in-house multi-disciplinary project delivery teams through all project delivery stages, co-ordinating, monitoring and reviewing work at each project stage to ensure effective delivery
Manage and develop the team to ensure objectives are met, workloads are sustainable and additional support/specialist expertise is deployed as required.
Demonstrating project viability. Producing a Feasibility / RIBA Stage 2 design including procurement of surveys
Sustainability
Information management
Chair regular project progress meetings and report on project and commercial progress. Issue monthly progress reports to the client teams
Deliver concise communications and ensure regular liaison with all stakeholders
Work with client leads to develop the project brief and delivery strategy and lead on the feasibility, design management, procurement, and execution of the scheme.
Manage the procurement of framework contractors, evaluate tender responses, and consult with the client team to select the successful tenderer
Lead and support our technical teams to review and challenge contractors’ proposals.
Manage pre-contract design development and post-contract scope changes in an efficient manner.
Produce strategic project programmes and scrutinise and integrate programmes from consultants and contractors.
Risk management - work with our project teams to identify, schedule and establish mitigation strategy for project risks.
Monitor the performance of the contractors’ professional teams and prepare regular quality, cost, and programme reports.
Organise and chair site pre-start, progress, and completion meetings.
Managing quality on site – managing a clerk of works
Perform contract administration duties for duration of the building contract, assess any variations proposed by the Contractor or the client and manage a robust change control process.
Assess any snagging issues prior to Sectional or Practical Completion and issue to the Contractor. Oversee handover by Contractor to school for all Operations and Maintenance functions and documentation. Soft landings
Manage the Contractor to make good all defects by the end of the making good defects liability period or sooner, once satisfied all issues are complete issue the making good defects liability certificate.