Product Manager - The Giving Block
Shift4  EMEA Remote 2 weeks ago  Over 200 applicants

About the job
Overview

Shift4 (NYSE: FOUR) is boldly redefining commerce by simplifying complex payments ecosystems across the world. As the leader in commerce-enabling technology, Shift4 powers billions of transactions annually for hundreds of thousands of businesses in virtually every industry. For more information, visit www.shift4.com .

The Giving Block’s product suite empowers more donors than ever to give assets to their favorite causes. Today, thousands of nonprofits are using The Giving Block to fundraise from modern philanthropists.

As Product Manager, your primary job will be to make sure that all of our products are amazing for donors and nonprofits alike. You’ll have the opportunity to shape the direction of our new products and grow our platform into an all-in-one fundraising solution for nonprofits (cards, stock, crypto, DAF and more).

Join us to fix nonprofit payments and help raise billions of dollars for worthy causes in the process.

Responsibilities

Essential functions

Lead product development initiatives from inception to launch.
Maintain product roadmap and prioritized backlog of products and features.
Translate product strategy into detailed requirements for prototyping and final development by engineering teams.
Articulate and break down complex problems into actionable steps.
Collaborate with engineering, business, marketing and other key stakeholders to ensure projects are completed with high quality and on schedule.
Oversee UAT product testing and usability, identify and resolve quality issues.
Shape continuous product improvement, engage and influence key stakeholders to achieve a unified product vision.
Communicate product and workflow updates to internal teams and other key stakeholders through clear documentation and presentations/demos.
Assess current competitor offerings and seek opportunities for differentiation.
Leverage data and user insights to prioritize areas of improvement.

Qualifications

Competencies

Experience working in payments, fintech and/or nonprofits
Proactive mindset, ability to find creative solutions and take the lead on decisions.
Proven track record of process and product improvement.
Comfortable communicating product requirements, design and strategy with technical and non-technical audiences.
Comfortable with ambiguity, thrives in a fast paced remote environment.
Ability to work in EU or US time zones.

Preferred Skills

Experience with nonprofit/charity industry
Experience within startup environment

This is a remote position and candidates from European time zones are highly welcome.

This job description is not designed to cover or contain a comprehensive listing of activities, duties or responsibilities that are required of the employee. Other duties, responsibilities and activities may change or be assigned at any time with or without notice.

Shift4 Payments provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability or genetics