Application Product Manager
Drax Group  Northampton, England, United Kingdom On-site 2 weeks ago  29 applicants

About the job
Application Product Manager

Selby or Northampton

Hybrid working

Are you an expert in application product management? Looking for your next challenge?

Our IT function is using the latest technology to deliver business benefit to Drax more quickly, improve user experience and drive operational efficiencies.

We’re now recruiting 2 new roles for

Application Product Managers

As a go-to subject matter expert for your area, Core or Commercial, you’ll drive and deliver the optimisation of specific key software systems and the services they provide as a product.

About The Role

The goal is to maximise the value of the product to Drax ensuring its development, usage and maintenance are in accordance with Drax IT architectural principles and best practises.

This is a multi-faceted role requiring skills including application knowledge, software development, relationship management, people management (by influence), vendor management and service delivery.

Key responsibilities include:
Working closely with key stakeholders to develop the product roadmap and taking primary responsibility for delivery
Designing and coordinating in-product solutions
Ensuring security, predictability, repeatability, and auditability of products
Ensuring the business agreed support model is executed and problems are resolved agreed timeframes
Participation and collaboration in IT delivery programmes

About You

Demonstrating a track record working in Core or Commercial applications development and/ or support, you’ll need product management or product owner experience.

You’ll have the ability to adapt as technology develops and strive for continuous improvement and innovation – looking at how we can do things better, fast, cheaper. Critical thinking and problem-solving skills are essential for this role.

You’ll demonstrate strong stakeholder management and collaboration skills, as well as a coaching mindset.

About Drax

Drax is playing a vital role in changing the way we generate, supply and use energy. To learn more about how we’re enabling a zero carbon, lower cost energy future,

click here

We offer colleagues a comprehensive and competitive benefits package. This includes company-funded benefits which provide protection for your family, support your health and wellbeing and retirement savings plans to help you prepare for a secure future. Our range of benefits means we can support you in keeping active, staying connected and looking after your mental and financial wellbeing, too.

Application process

Drax is an equal opportunities employer. We welcome applications from people of all backgrounds and perspectives and hire great people to build talented and diverse teams.

To arrange a chat or get a copy of the job description, please email careers@drax.com.

If you’re ready to submit an application, click the ‘Apply now’ button.