Product Manager
Eaton  Leicestershire, England, United Kingdom Hybrid 2 weeks ago  60 applicants

About the job
Eaton – Burton-on-the-Wolds

Join Eaton and help us provide energy-efficient solutions that have a real impact on the environment. We make what matters work. Find out more on https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=baa_aiJ4L7E

Do you want to work for a global player, where we care about ethics, inclusion and diversity and our people?

At Eaton, we make the energy transition work. Whether it’s efficient power management of machinery and buildings or the integration of electric vehicle charging, we work to improve people’s lives and the environment. And with the electrification of everything in full swing, accompanied by the acceleration of renewable energy generation and distribution, this is an especially exciting time to join our Power Management & Control Components (PMCC) division.

As the electrified future goes hand in hand with digitalisation, we also focus on developing smart, Industry 4.0-enabled devices, from the smallest electrical components to entire power ecosystems. We thus deploy innovative technologies to offer an enhanced user experience and more intuitive user interfaces, including for the remote operation of machinery and equipment.

Product Manager

The Product Manager is responsible for assisting the development and implementation of strategic product plans for a range of assigned product lines.

They will also evaluate initial customer product requests and lead product development resources, helping to co-ordinate other functional areas of the business as necessary to achieve growth, market share, cost, and profitability and volume expectations on key product projects. As well as leading the product launch process for the assigned product lines, assessing competitive offerings, and evaluating and helping prioritise plant, custom engineering, cost reduction and process improvement opportunities.

Essential Functions

Evaluation of product line extension or modification requests from sales team, or external customers. Utilize a formalized process that gives quantifiable reasons to implement or reject the extension. Preparation and presentation of a business proposal for acceptable projects that includes product specification, target cost and average sell price.
Responsible for meeting profitability, volume and customer service targets.
Responsible for introducing, on schedule and on budget, competitive products that meet or exceed market expectations and making promotion, product and channel recommendations.
Evaluation of product line cost reduction, modification, and process improvement recommendations from the manufacturing team for market acceptability. This includes regular documented meetings with the teams that give clear direction and priority based on a commercial perspective.
Participation as a key member of a product development team through the concept, development, implementation and market introduction for the product or product line utilizing Eaton’s EBS / formal processes.
Responsibility for product literature content that includes features, benefits and performance data. This includes printed and electronic formats. Monitor these areas as part of product life cycle management.
Responsibility for sustaining core product lines to adapt to market change or to penetrate new markets and address competitive offerings. This includes recommending programs and promotional activities to strengthen market position for sustained product lines.
The Product Manager must work closely with the Market and Geography Managers to balance competing business needs.
Create, develop, and maintain a five-year product plan (road map) on key products as agreed upon with the Product Management and Marketing Manager.
Coordinate product planning inputs for strategic and business planning.
Responsibility for forecast information, part level, resource and financial in respect of Eaton sales & operational planning product management module (SIOP PM module), for applicable product lines for projects contributing toward innovation and vitality targets.
Responsibility for coordinating price and margin objectives with the product-pricing group.

Experience Required

Degree in (Commercial or Engineering).
1 to 5 years in marketing or engineering function.
Familiar with financial measurements of an investment opportunity and NPD process.
General understanding of manufacturing technologies and relies on manufacturing engineering to stay abreast of the latest technologies.
Understanding of markets and customers and works with the sales team to build and maintain this intelligence.
Needs to have an overview of agency standards, code requirements, industry practices and present product performance capabilities.
Ability to lead and influence a cross functional team.
Good communicational skills & time management.

What Eaton offers?

Competitive compensation and benefits package
Contract in fast growing global company
Challenging projects in dynamic collaborative team
Great promotional opportunities – We encourage internal promotion, whenever possible
Excellent working environment – safety and ethic are important for us

Candidates applying to the vacancy will be subject of the background screening