Product Manager (French speaking)
Handshake  United Kingdom Remote 2 weeks ago  41 applicants

About the job
Everyone is welcome at Handshake. We know diverse teams build better products and we are committed to creating an inclusive culture built on a foundation of respect for all individuals. We strongly encourage candidates from non-traditional backgrounds, historically marginalized or underrepresented groups to apply.

Your impact

We are looking for a Product Manager who strives to build world-class products to support our international expansion and the tremendous growth we’re seeing across many geographies and platform areas.

On the back of Handshake being the leading early talent network in the US (12M+ students, 1,400+ universities, 750K+ employers and a funding of $200M from leading investors) and a growing customer base in the UK, we’re doubling down on the region to bring more equitable access to opportunities for early talents to more countries across Europe. To be close to our partners, customers and users, we’re investing into growing our local product development team.

As a Product Manager on Handshake's European team, you will be responsible for launching and scaling the Handshake platform in more international markets while working closely with key local stakeholders across different regions. You will also own and drive global product initiatives for the Handshake product that will be used by millions of students and employers across the world.

Overall, you will play a key role in Handshake's global go-to-market goals and the overall development of our product.

Your role

As a Product Manager, you’ll plan and deliver a roadmap to:
Expand into new markets: expand our network into new key international markets and ensure the requirements and expectations from local partners are continually exceeded
Drive global initiatives: own projects and initiatives that will be rolled out and used across the Handshake product on a global scale
Drive marketplace value: continually strive to identify and optimize the key points of value creation across all three sides of our global network
You’ll Own The Product Development Lifecycle End-to-end, Including
Becoming a local expert: Working closely with our partners, customers, and teams in the regions to fully understand the nuances of the different international markets and build products that solve actual local problems
Owning the product delivery process: Leading a high performing cross-functional squad, including engineering and design, from research and roadmap planning to delivery
Driving the launch and adoption: Partnering closely on go-to-market and implementation, working with marketing, sales, and customer success to ensure a successful launch and adoption across different regions
Fostering cross-Handshake partnerships: Working with stakeholders across the different Handshake teams on all sides of the marketplace, all international regions, as well as the teams in the US

Your Experience
4+ years partnering with engineering teams to ship code. Ideally in a many-stakeholder environment with cross-functional and cross-regional teams
Proven track record of prioritizing shipping and delivering great products to users
Strong foundation in roadmap development and releasing products for complex, multi-sided marketplace businesses or SaaS platforms
Empathy and user focus. You challenge your own assumptions, and dive headfirst into understanding the needs of our local partners and customers.
Exceptional communication skills that include working with customers, users, and internal cross-functional partners as well as executives
Strong analytical and quantitative skills. You can create and run data-informed processes and make validated decisions based on research and data.