Product Manager
Domo Tactical Communications (DTC)  Whiteley, England, United Kingdom On-site 2 weeks ago  14 applicants

About the job
About us


Domo Tactical Communications operates in fast growing markets offering innovative and robust wireless security products, leading-edge IP centric network devices, and C4I application software solutions, along with high performance wireless broadcast systems for all industries.


Our passion for innovation keeps us one step ahead in the rapidly changing and increasingly challenging environments within which we perform, whether on the battlefield, in the streets of our cities, or at the world's largest sporting events.


High performance IP Video, communications, and broadcast systems enable our customers to securely monitor, control, communicate, and share information with confidence in complex environments and in the most demanding situations.



What will you be doing?


As a key member of the team, the Product Manager will:

Capture product and solution requirements from Customers and Sales team
Communicate requirements effectively to Engineering team and other internal stakeholders
Carry out market survey and product benchmarking activities
Contribute to new product Roadmap and prioritisation discussions
Deliver full lifecycle “cradle to grave” product management
Contribute to product pricing and marketing discussions
Deliver product collateral and training packages
Support Trade shows and other customer facing events


What makes a successful Product Manager ?


Degree in Electronic Engineering or related field of study or equivalent industry experience is highly desirable
Radio Communications experience - electronics design and/ or operation (IP Mesh and COFDM / HF specific - highly desirable)
Experience with DAX and Salesforce desirable
A genuine passion for technology and a willingness to learn about DTC products and new software applications
Ability to “speak the customer’s language” and communicate on the basis of “benefits rather than features”



Benefits and Culture


Our culture is supportive and collaborative. You will be part of a multidisciplinary team where we share our ideas and innovation is strongly encouraged. We are looking for someone with genuine passion for the job and a “can-do” attitude.


Our employees receive:

25 days annual leave plus Bank holidays
A generous pension plan, company match up to 9%
Company bonus scheme
Annual pay reviews (discretional)
A personal approach to training and development
Employee Assistance Program
Income protection
Life assurance
Flexible core working hours
Open plan, modern office environment
Onsite subsidised café
Games Area including pool, table tennis, air hockey and table football

Enjoy working as part of a global organisation with teams in Whiteley, Hampshire; USA; Denmark, Singapore; Dubai and Australia.


DTC is committed to promoting a culture that supports personal development and embraces a diverse mix of employees throughout all levels of the organisation.



Interested in a career with us?


Simply click on APPLY and we’ll be in contact shortly.