Junior Product Manager
ALL.SPACE  Reading, England, United Kingdom On-site 4 weeks ago  41 applicants

About the job
Description

Who are we?

We hire those that seek to innovate across people, process and technology. Join our global workforce, visualise the future and strive for success. Our engineering campus and corporate offices in the UK and US are optimal environments for ideas and innovation to flourish.

ALL.SPACE, formerly Isotropic Systems, has developed the 5th generation smart terminal, capable of linking with all satellites, all networks, in all orbits, all at once. Our ground-breaking software-defined service enablement platform integrates intelligent routing, edge computing and on-demand services to deliver unprecedented network resilience and application performance. Whether you're on land, sea or air, we ensure that you stay connected.

Visit www.all.space to learn more.

Requirements

ALL.SPACE is seeking a Junior Product Manager who will be responsible for managing development activities across the various functional areas in the company.

You will use your expertise of the SATCOM industry to directly influence the product strategy and direction. You know the end user profiles and use cases like the back of your hand. You know the current landscape of terminals, antenna technology, modems, and network operators. You will take this information and collaborate with engineering to drive product and feature releases. You will prioritize feature developments and rollouts and define a product roadmap that gives your product/feature the highest right to win across each market while balancing development effort and cost.

You are a problem solver and you will help guide the organization through a defined product development process. This is not guesswork. You will use your industry experience to analyse opportunities, identify risks, and clearly communicate product decisions across the organization, reporting to the Director of Product Management.

In your role as product expert you will collaborate with sales, BD, and marketing on competitive intelligence.

Job Duties And Responsibilities

Provide recurring reporting on product development, including cost, schedule, and risk management
Capture detailed market requirements in MRDs
Create and deliver clear and thorough product level requirements to engineering
Evaluate market requirements and the competition to prioritize features and design trades
Drive innovation in all aspects of the design through hands-on analysis
Collaborate with the product owner to develop the go-to-market strategy for the product line
Represent ALL.SPACE at conferences and events
3+ years of SATCOM experience with at least 2 years of experience in a relevant area
In depth knowledge of the key industry players (operators, service providers, terminal vendors, modem vendors, etc.)
Self-driven with excellent people and management skills to interact with staff, colleagues, cross-functional teams and third parties. Team player!
Bachelor’s degree in related field.

Essential Skills And Experience Needed

3+ years of SATCOM experience with at least 2 years of experience in a relevant area
In depth knowledge of the key industry players (operators, service providers, terminal vendors, modem vendors, etc.)
Self-driven with excellent people and management skills to interact with staff, colleagues, cross-functional teams and third parties. Team player!
Bachelor’s degree in related field

Benefits

Generous stock options
Annual bonus
25 days annual leave
Public holidays
Travel to work schemes
Fruit, snacks & drinks
Discounts platform
Well-being centre