Digital Learning Product Manager
Primark  Reading, England, United Kingdom Hybrid 3 weeks ago  79 applicants

About the job
Purpose of role:

In this role, you’ll have responsibility for leading a team whose mission is to create best in class digital learning, in support of our wider business and people strategy. You will assess and map out Primark’s digital learning roadmap and drive initiatives and programs to support this journey.


You will lead a team of 4 digital specialists and designers providing matrix management to help the team develop their craft, coach, observe and share insights

You will be partnering with business SME’s and the wider Talent & Development Team to execute on strategic plans. You’ll work well in a fast paced environment, managing multiple challenges and taking them all in your stride. You’ll push the boundaries to deliver for our customers – managing stakeholder expectations as part of the course.


You’ll be responsible for servicing the whole organisation with a global agenda, translating needs into solutions that meet the tactical and strategic goals of the business. You’ll will have a solid understanding of how people learn, you will be able to design interventions with rigour, you will have an appetite for continuous improvement


Key Duties & Responsibilities:

Build and evolve the learning technology roadmap
Run RFPs for learning technology and design and lead the appropriate selection and successful implementation of a new global digital learning platform
Establish design standards and provide expertise and external insights
Develop digital learning solutions which connect skills to career development and deliver business outcomes
Provide data insights and commentary on global digital learning
Develop strategies for to ensure completion and tracking of compliance led learning
Create digital learning experiences for retail based colleagues that increase speed to competence in a transient, high volume workforce
Best in class ways of working with multiple languages and implementation of translation tools
In partnership with the Talent & Development team, build solutions to drive performance, build skills, capabilities, and behaviours
Standardisation of our learning brand and design principles across a global market including upskilling of global learning and development teams
Act as the Architect of coherent learning experience across many different mediums (i.e learning campaigns, workshops, digital solutions, film, written content)

Skills and experience:

Experience implanting a new learning management system into a global organisation, leading the change process
Extensive experience consulting on, and designing high quality learning experiences/campaigns in a fast paced global organisation
Strong stakeholder management skills, and experience with pitching and presenting concepts
Experience designing and delivering blended solutions
Extensive knowledge of design and authoring tools e.g. Storyline, Articulate 360. Elucidate, Video Animation
Strong analytical skills, being able to synthesise information quickly and effectively
Ability to build high-level programme/content plans as outputs from workshops
Strong commercial ability and awareness
Technical knowledge of a range of learning management systems and platforms
Brave, comfortable with ambiguity and open to driving change

Personal Attributes:

Thrives in a fast-paced environment, with the ability to remain agile and deliver solutions in the face or unforeseen circumstances and changing business requirements.
Ability to generate enthusiasm in others and understand differing viewpoints from stakeholders.
Visionary and seeks opportunities to innovate across a global workforce.
Highly organised, detail-oriented, possessing the ability to effectively prioritise projects and deliverables whilst meeting deadlines set by.
Be a collaborative team player with excellent interpersonal/communication skills, while demonstrating high levels of emotional intelligence and possess the ability to push back with professionalism. Proven ability in developing effective working relationships across all levels of the organisation.
Operates with a high level of integrity, diplomacy, tact and professionalism.