Digital Product Manager - CPG
Mintel  London, England, United Kingdom Hybrid 4 days ago  31 applicants

About the job
Are you passionate about product development? Can you lead projects and teams? Are you a great communicator who loves coming up with solutions to difficult problems and making them happen? If so, we have an exciting opportunity for you on our Product Development team. You need to be well organized, pragmatic, delivery driven and keen to work with a wide variety of people and teams to help make the best decisions for the future of our business.


We have more than 5,000 clients with more than 100,000 users on our sites, and they expect us to have the information they need to make great business decisions quickly and seamlessly. Mintel has a significant global portfolio of clients operating in the consumer packaged goods (CPG) space. To support them we have a robust suite of solutions that answer their unique needs relating to consumers, product innovation and trends and the rapidly evolving marketing.

We're looking for a Product Manager who is experienced in understanding the client universe, analysing it and identifying the highest value opportunities. Our applied innovation process focuses on bringing solutions to market tailored to specific client applications. This role will work in a fast innovation process with a multitude of teams and specialists to develop prototypes and test product/market fit before launching the right solutions to market. You will need to be able to move between discussing the details of an algorithm to identifying and communicating the whys behind targeting specific user needs, segments and business types at ease.


As part of our CPG Product team, you’ll be encouraged to experiment, measure and iterate - trying new ideas to bring new propositions, new client applications to market. You’ll be heavily involved in the ongoing tactical and strategic development of Mintel's products, focused on the CPG & Beauty space.


Responsibilities:


Proactive problem solving: Get to the root of our clients' challenges and collaborate with other teams to build innovative tools that use our data to solve these challenges. You are comfortable running meetings with senior management, facilitating discovery workshops and thinking creatively about how we can bring new ideas to life.
Experiment and measure: Think creatively about how we can bring new revenue streams to our focus industries, rapidly testing your hypotheses before rolling out improvements to our global audience. Define metrics that determine the success of a new product launch or experiment.
Data-driven decisions: Gather and use data and insight to drive strategic decision making, business case development and identification of requirements. Prioritization is key, so making the right calls about where to focus is important.
Customer-centric decisions: Empathize, and even obsess, over our users. You’ll partner with Product and Design peers to ensure new users have concrete and valuable actions they can take when they arrive on product to drive continued satisfaction and engagement. Collaborating with Sales and Research, you’ll engage with our clients and prioritize their most important, highest-value needs.
End-to-end ownership: Manage the product development process from idea generation to delivery. This includes assessing and prioritizing needs, creating comprehensive product specifications, developing and managing roadmaps, testing new features and leading cross-functional project teams.
Delivery driven: Manage a strong working relationship with Engineering, Data Science and Design to ensure needs are met and deadlines are observed. Deliver high-value developments and optimizations frequently, under pressure and to a high quality standard.
Stakeholder communications and buy-in: Partner with UX, Engineering, Data Science, Sales, Marketing and Research teams to develop and deliver excellent plans for all product changes and improvements. You will collaborate with teams around the business, which also means around the globe, and you must be comfortable receiving and managing input from diverse stakeholders.


Required Skills / Abilities:

Demonstrated experience in product management
Strong project management and organizational skills
Excellent written and oral communication and listening skills
Proven experience and success with agile project management practices
Ability to present and facilitate meetings at top management level
Ability to maintain good working relations while simultaneously taking a confident stand to solve problems
Ability to negotiate for optimal outcomes
Ability to work effectively under pressure, adhere to deadlines, deliver high-quality results and to manage multiple priorities

The ideal candidate will have significant recent experience in digital product management and ideally knowledge of the CPG and / or Beauty industries and a familiarity with delivering business intelligence / market research products