Product Marketing Manager
BrightLocal  Brighton and Hove, England, United Kingdom Hybrid 1 day ago  10 applicants

About the job
We’re seeking a talented Product Marketing Manager that is looking to make their mark on our successful, fast-growing SaaS company.

Our mission is to enable every marketer to become brilliant at local SEO, and we do this through a powerful combination of software, services, and customer education.


In this role, you'll have a strong platform for success:


We're a product-led company with over 10,000 customers.
Both our products and brand are highly regarded in the local SEO industry.
We've achieved consistent year-over-year growth, with a 51% increase in revenue over the past two years.

Despite our successes, there are still many untapped opportunities to drive further growth, and Product Marketing is one of the biggest opportunities.


As our first Product Marketing Manager, you'll play a key part in how we present our products to the world. You'll own the positioning of our entire product suite, ensuring that we differentiate from the competition with compelling value propositions.


You’ll be the mastermind behind product launches, harnessing skills from across our marketing and design teams to craft creative and impactful campaigns. But the fun doesn’t stop after the launch. You'll keep the momentum going. Developing campaigns that encourage customers to discover and adopt our products.


You'll be a trusted ally for our sales team, equipping them with the insights and materials they need to communicate the value of our products and stand out from the competition.


You'll rely on your deep understanding of our customers, products, and competitors to inform how we market our growing platform of tools and services. Your knowledge will underpin high-level decision-making and provide valuable insights across the business.


Working in this role means having a direct impact. You will help shape our go-to-market strategy, build out the product marketing function in your vision, and see how your work makes a difference every day. We're all about collaboration, so you'll get to work closely with different teams, learning from them and sharing your insights.



What you’ll be doing:


Crafting impactful go-to-market strategies for new products and features
Defining compelling product positioning and messaging across our product suite
Coordinating seamless product launches, including internal education and sales enablement
Gathering customer insights and competitive intelligence to inform our product development and marketing strategy
Collaborating with design and marketing teams for successful launch campaigns
Creating ongoing campaigns to drive demand and product adoption

We’re looking for:


Proven experience developing successful go-to-market strategies for new products and features
Exceptional communication skills, both written and verbal
Strong ability to coordinate and collaborate with different teams, including design, marketing, sales, and product
An analytical and data-guided mindset
Bundles of creativity
Growth mindset and a strong bias for action
Finely-tuned organisational skills

Your experience:


Experience working in a product marketing role in a technology company, ideally B2B SaaS
Proven track record of launching new products
Experience in content creation and copywriting
Experience briefing and working with designers
Experience with video production (recording and editing) is a bonus


This is a hybrid working role. Most of our team are currently working two days in the office and three days from home. However, we are flexible based on each individual's choice.


Salary: Dependent on experience (plus 20% annual performance-based bonus)