Project Manager
Pick Everard  Birmingham, England, United Kingdom Hybrid 2 weeks ago  46 applicants

About the job
Are you a Project Manager looking to work on a diverse range of projects across the built environment?

Are you looking to have more control on projects and client interaction?

Do you want to work for a leading, multi-disciplinary company that values its staff and provides genuine career progression opportunities?

We are looking for a talented Project Manager to join the collaborative, supportive and dynamic team in central Birmingham. This is an exciting opportunity for a knowledgeable Project Manager to join us in a core delivery role. This role will see you working with high - profile clients across the commercial and education sectors in particular, in Warwickshire and the West Midlands.

The main focus will include new build and refurbishment within education in Warwick, liaising with external shareholders effectively.

You will join a passionate and team-orientated environment, with genuine scope for professional development. You will work with a range of clients, and a range of team members, having the opportunity to nurture and develop junior staff, leading projects, as well as supporting senior staff with the day to day Project Management that we deliver as a practice.

This role would suit a forward-thinking Project Manager who is in search of their next career opportunity!

Key Responsibilities:

As Project Manager you will work alongside our passionate team delivering a complete lifecycle of works with Midlands based clients.
Develop the education client’s brief and co-ordinate, manage and communicate with the client, project stakeholders and contractors in order to meet the requirements
Preparation of programmes and undertaking programme management
Undertake change management, co-ordinate the design process, oversee and manage the control of the project both pre- and post-contract including financial expenditure throughout all RIBA stages.
Co-ordinate and manage the development of the procurement strategy and procurement activities
Undertake and participate in risk-, value- and opportunities management, including facilitating workshops to ensure that these activities are controlled within the project team including contractors, sub-contractors, and the supply chain
Prepare and issue reports, including but not limited to preparation of Project Execution Plans (PEP), Strategy Reports, Risk Registers, Progress Reports etc.
Ensure that the project meets statutory approvals and take actions as necessary to ensure that the projects meet these statutory responsibilities

If this sounds like the right role for you, apply today!

The successful Project Manager will join the team in Birmingham and become part of our collaborative culture. At Pick Everard we take a fresh perspective on the built environment, with a proactive, high quality service that is tailored to each client.

Key Requirements:
Experience in a similar role in the construction environment, ideally consultancy
Competent in using Microsoft Project and Excel
Comprehensive knowledge of building technology and construction principles
Good understanding of forms of building contract and experience of contract administration
Strong understanding of risk management
Bid writing and presentation skills, with the ability to engage with project stakeholders, and ability to deal with issues appropriately and constructively
Outstanding communication skills – both written and verbal
Member of a related professional body (e.g., RICS CIOB, CIBSE etc) - desirable

At Pick Everard, we work together to make the extraordinary a reality. We are looking for exceptional new talent to be a part of our journey as we move forward through our ambitious five-year Business Plan.

We are an independent award-winning property and construction consultancy firm, operating within the industry, providing complete integrated service delivery to help our clients deliver better solutions across real estate, infrastructure and the natural environment.

We are at the forefront of the industry and enjoy a culture that is centered around being creative, professional, compassionate, client-oriented and fun.

Our recent successes include:
Listed as an NCE100 Consultancy and AJ100 Practice
Named a Top 150 Consultancy by Building Magazine
Recognised as a leading Financial Times Consultancy
Winners of the Association of Consulting Engineers (ACE) Awards, Best Business Performance of the Year – Large Consultancy
Winners at the RICS Awards – Infrastructure category
An Investors in People and Investors in Excellence accredited business
Winners at the Enterprising Women Awards

Through our remarkable history we have already established the sound principles of success and we have the vision and ambition to be even better, as we move forward into a very bright future. We’re growing and we need more experts onboard. Join us and we will provide you with an inspiring environment in which you’ll be able to drive real progress and impact in your career.

To learn more about why it is good to work here please visit our website and follow us on social media. Be part of it.

Remuneration and Benefits:

We value and promote a positive work-life balance and encourage every member of our team to get involved with charity, sports, community, and company events. Providing a balanced, enjoyable career is important to us, and we work hard to make sure everyone feels a valued part of our organisation. We are also a responsible employer and Investors in People accredited business.

You will receive an attractive salary that will match your skills and experience, as well as the following benefits:
Stakeholder pension
Enhanced Maternity, Paternity and Childcare benefits
Adoption & Shared Parental Leave benefits
Long service awards
Annual BeingPickEverard awards
Life assurance
Private healthcare
26 days’ annual leave + Bank Holidays + option to buy up to 5 days’ additional leave
Discount Scheme
Professional subscriptions
Season ticket loan or car loan
Cycle to work scheme