Title: JavaScript Hacker
Full Description: Javascript hacker Exciting opportunity for a Javascript hacker close to Cambridge to become responsible for the clientside experience of our client's software tool. You’ll need to keep things working across browsers, both as an extension and also embeddable directly. You’ll be working closely with the backend team to get the data you need and the designer, who’ll be making sure things look good. You’ll need ideally: A couple of years Javascript experience. Some experience with jQuery and backbone or some other javascript libraries. Experience with communicating with APIs and backend services. Nice to haves Experience in backend web development, particularly Ruby and Ruby on Rails. deally some experience of developing browser extensions, particularly in Firefox or (shudder) Internet Explorer. Experience working in a startup environment. Experience with writing automated tests and keeping code quality high. It would be great if you have experience in any of the following areas: automated testing, databases, APIs, machine learning, searching large data sets, scaling web applications (none of these are expected) You’ll need to work closely with the rest of the team, and prioritise your tasks. You’ll sometimes need to help write, review or support code outside your core area; on other days, you’ll need to crack on with implementing things on your own. If you have github, stackexchange, hacker news or other social accounts, we encourage you to send us links. About the company It's all about building clever technology that helps people focus on being productive. The flagship product is helping successful businesses to stay on top of their ever growing number of customer and contact relationships. Instead of them having all data scattered across multiple applications and having to trawl through all these apps. It provides a revolutionary way of bringing complete customer profiles into any application, without any extra integration work. Less time spent on searching, more time spent on business. The technology The flagship product is written mostly in Javascript, running on a Ruby on Rails backend. Because the data is largely relational, they use a MySQL database. We also talk to a large variety of APIs, including Google, Twitter, Salesforce and Highrise, and use ETL and data mining techniques to gain insights and unify data. Not shy of legacy technologies either, including IMAP and Microsoft Exchange. The software is in the cloud and uses a variety of continuous testing and deployment tools. Salary negotiable between ****K****K Please send your covering email, CV and salary requirements ASAP. Although this is a Cambridge based company, some working from home is an option for candidates from further afield. PurplePower is an agency for this permanent vacancy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/JavaScriptHacker_job****
