Title: C++ Software Engineers
Full Description: Award winning company with patents in recognised science based technology are looking for a number of Software Engineers and Graduate Developers to work on a broad range of tasks and take ownership of a specific branch of the product. The company generally employ Developers at an early stage of their career, either Graduate Software Engineers straight from University or those with some commercial experience and solid programming skills in either C++ (preferred) or C. It is genuinely a fantastic place to work with very low staff turnover  their office is a modern converted barn with easy access to the M1, they provide a daily cooked meal, have an Xbox and a pool table, some employees take part in cycling and other sporting activities at lunch time. On joining, Software Engineers are quickly given new projects to work on and left to decide the most appropriate technologies and techniques to tackle the problem. Those projects are usually a new growth area for the company so the new employee soon becomes the company expert in that particular area. Example work includes developing C++ applications to capture and make sense of data, making an appropriate GUI to display that data (could be a PC or a web page), algorithm development, communicating across comms protocols, interfacing to a C app, optimising the code to run on a DSP, investigating new technologies and solving problems involved with installing the product in its real world environment. We would like to hear from degree qualified (ideally Computer Science) Software Engineers (including 2012/201**** Graduates) with excellent C++ skills, strong Maths and a background that has touched on more technical areas of Computer Science such as Neural Networks, 3D Graphics, Image Processing/Pattern Recognition/Machine Vision, AI/Artificial Intelligence, Embedded systems or similar. The company are also looking for experienced C developers to work on front end and Network related technology.  Position: Software Engineer & Graduates Location: Northampton Salary: ****k Key Skills: C++ or C Desirable skills: Windows, MFC, Embedded, DSP, .Net, Visual DSP, Matlab, Java, serial comms, SQL, Silverlight, WPF, WF Apply: jamie AT enterpriserecruitment DOT com  If you don`t fit this requirement exactly but are interested in this type of work feel free to email a CV as you may be suitable for similar positions we are recruiting for. I specialise in recruiting software engineers for electronics and technology companies throughout the UK. c software engineers c c c c c c c c c c c++ Visa Required: Applicants must be eligible to work in the specified location
