Title: Head Of Data and Analytics
Full Description: Exposed solutions are recruiting on behalf of their London based client; Our client is looking for a dynamic individual to provide vision and technical leadership, both to build the data analytics team and develop the products that our partners need. Our client have new investment to change the business into a pure analytics company, essentially creating a new startup with a dynamic 'can do' mentality. This is an exceptional opportunity for someone to join and take on the mantle of leading a datadriven startup. Job Description Our client are already working with a large database of domestic energy readings, developing and demonstrating algorithms to derive consumer and utility insight that can be deployed at scale. This includes appliance disaggregation, personalised energy usage, tariff design and other business insight. Our client needs a data expert who is passionate about data and who has the technical vision to take these to the next level. Our client are looking for that rare individual who is equal parts visionary, engineer, statistician and evangelist, and most importantly can command the respect of the team. Our client expects them to communicate requirements and opportunities between the team and customers, understand the commercial needs of the industry and develop and own the strategy and technical roadmap. Key Responsibilities experience: Be the company voice for its technical vision, Be experienced with working with structured, unstructured and timeseries data, Be conversant with large databases, such as, but not limited to Hadoop and Cassandra, and the tools for working with these, Have the ability and desire to extract new value and insight from data, Have experience of fast development of prototype code to demonstrate insight, Be aware of the value of combining multiple data sets, Be experienced in sourcing and incorporating public data sets, Be confident at working with quantitative developers and data scientists to specify the basis for algorithm development , Be experienced in gathering requirements from and presenting solutions to Clients, Have an excellent awareness of the commercial value of data, Have a desire to instil an atmosphere of working quickly and flexibly as part of a dynamic team in a fast moving startup, Be able to meet tight timescales in a commercial environment, Be excited about being a key stakeholder in the company's direction and success, Command respect from and engender excitement in a technical team. Hadoop, Cassandra, data science, Quantitative, Communication, dataset, algorithm Hadoop, Cassandra, data science, Quantitative, Communication, dataset, algorithm Hadoop, Cassandra, data science, Quantitative, Communication, dataset, algorithm Hadoop, Cassandra, data science, Quantitative, Communication, dataset, algorithm Hadoop, Cassandra, data science, Quantitative, Communication, dataset, algorithm Hadoop, Cassandra, data science, Quantitative, Communication, ALL APPLICANTS MUST BE FREE TO WORK IN THE UK FREE FROM THE RESTRICTIONS OF VISA'S AND WORK PERMITS. Exposed Solutions is acting as an employment agency to this client. Please note that no terminology in this advert is intended to discriminate on the grounds of age, and we confirm that we will gladly accept applications from persons of any age for this role. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/HeadOfDataandAnalytics_job****
