Title: Ruby on Rails Developer
Full Description: Ruby on Rails DeveloperFantastic opportunity to join a relatively new startup working within a very niche but essential emerging technology whilst still in the inital years of existance. Salary ****K****K Based in Cambridgeshire initially in order to consolidate the team, however, working from a remote location in the future is a possibility. You’ll be responsible for the serverside of things. You’ll need to keep the code running smoothly and scaling as we add users, as well as adding new sources of data in the form of API integrations. You’ll need to think up smart algorithms to match and select data, and straightforward ways to store and retrieve it. You’ll work with the frontend team to work out what data they need and in what format and ship it to them. ? You’ll need: A couple of years Rails experience, or some Ruby experience and a couple of years in a similar framework. Experience in connecting to and using APIs. An understanding of scaling modern websites across multiple machines. Experience in any of the following would be nice to have: Keeping a web application running. NoSQL, KVstores, and/or message queues. Javascript development a bonus Working in a startup environment. Writing automated tests and keeping code quality high. It would also be great if you have experience in any of the following areas: automated testing, databases, APIs, machine learning, searching large data sets, scaling web applications (none of these are expected) You’ll need to work closely with the rest of the team, and prioritise your tasks. You’ll sometimes need to help write, review or support code outside your core area; on other days, you’ll need to crack on with implementing things on your own. If you have github, stackexchange, hacker news or other social accounts, we encourage you to send us links. Please send your details and salary requirements ASAP. Purplepower is a recruitment agency on this permanent vacancy. Ruby on Rails This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/RubyonRailsDeveloper_job****
