Associate,Data Scientist, Data Strategies and Solutions
Jobs via eFinancialCareers  Gurgaon, Haryana, India Hybrid 5 days ago  39 applicants

About the job
Description

About this role

About This Role

Elevate your career by joining the world's largest asset manager! Thrive in an environment that fosters positive relationships and recognizes outstanding performance! We know you want to feel valued every single day and be recognized for your contribution. At BlackRock, we strive to empower our employees and effectively engage your involvement in our success.

Business Unit Overview:

Data Strategy & Solutions is a Global Data Research team within BlackRock Portfolio Management Group (PMG) focused on alternative, primary and big data. We are seeking an experienced technical business analyst, with experience in financial services, to contribute to our established primary and vendor data platform and service offering.

This role offers tremendous scope for an entrepreneurial person with a keen interest in learning how alternative data (transactions, sales, sentiments, interests) can drive investment decisions and make a significant contribution to alpha generation across our world class investment teams. You will be working with a team that shares your passion for data and its potential to positively transform the investment landscape.

What you will be doing?
Work with Portfolio Managers and Researchers to answer Investment hypothesis across Asset Classes, Investment strategies and Sectors
Investigate new trends and business areas, working across a wide variety of industries on a range of topics that are important to the global investment community
Develop and use knowledge of technology to design innovative approaches to solve data-related challenges
Create summaries, data visualizations, algorithms, models, written analyses, and other presentations of work performed
Manage time and tasks to meet deadlines for stakeholders in time-sensitive projects
Participate in internal and external meetings to review results of work performed
Deliver on day-to-day activities of a project including interaction with other team members and stakeholders
Transform large structured and unstructured data sets into actionable insights
Assist in the identification and evaluation of data sources and vendors
Create new data assets including those sourced through web scraping
Participate in brainstorming meetings to design, execute, and deliver novel solutions for investment debates
Partner with researchers to deliver analytical solutions to support investment decision making

Qualifications
2+ years of experience in building data driven solutions to challenging problems preferably in sectors like Investments, Technology, Healthcare, Banking & Financial Services
Experience using alternative data to analyze the sectors like ESG, Healthcare, Pharmaceutical, Renewable Energy, Social Responsibility, Biotech, and/or Life Sciences sectors is a plus
Experience incl. working with large unstructured dataset (e.g. in equity or quantitative research, academia, risk or operations, consultancy) is preferred
Bachelor's degree from an accredited college / university; thesis or experience working in a research environment preferred
Intellectually curious with strong analytic, quantitative, and critical reasoning skills

Skills required include
Ability to communicate and align priorities across multiple teams with inspiration and authority
Database experience (SQL, DDL/DML, performance tuning, data modeling).
Basic understanding of UNIX/LINUX environments.
Ability to work efficiently in a fast-paced environment on multiple concurrent projects
Solid experience doing technical business analysis
Technical background including working knowledge of at least one of the programming languages SQL, Python, and R
Familiarity with git, data visualization tools, and web scraping technologies a plus
Knowledge of Pyspark, Databricks, GCP, Airflow, and other leading big data analysis tools a plus

Other personal characteristics
Unquestioned integrity and the highest ethical standards
Ability to provide feedback to others in a constructive, assistive way
Not afraid of failure and demonstrated ability to operate with vague or light client feedback
Perform diverse and complex tasks with accuracy and a desire to coach others on the same
Communicate effectively both verbally and in writing, particularly with global colleagues.
A built-in drive to achieve outstanding results under tight timelines

Our benefits

To help you stay energized, engaged and inspired, we offer a wide range of benefits including a strong retirement plan, tuition reimbursement, comprehensive healthcare, support for working parents and Flexible Time Off (FTO) so you can relax, recharge and be there for the people you care about.

Our hybrid work model

BlackRock's hybrid work model is designed to enable a culture of collaboration and apprenticeship that enriches the experience of our employees, while supporting flexibility for all. Employees are currently required to work at least 3 days in the office each week, with the flexibility to work from home up to 2 days a week; some business groups may require more time in the office due to their roles and responsibilities. Beginning in September, all employees will shift to at least 4 days in the office per week, with the flexibility to work from home 1 day a week. We remain focused on increasing the impactful moments that arise when we work together in person - aligned with our commitment to performance and innovation. As a new joiner, you can count on this hybrid model to accelerate your learning and onboarding experience here at BlackRock.

About BlackRock

At BlackRock, we are all connected by one mission: to help more and more people experience financial well-being. Our clients, and the people they serve, are saving for retirement, paying for their children's educations, buying homes and starting businesses. Their investments also help to strengthen the global economy: support businesses small and large; finance infrastructure projects that connect and power cities; and facilitate innovations that drive progress.

This mission would not be possible without our smartest investment - the one we make in our employees. It's why we're dedicated to creating an environment where our colleagues feel welcomed, valued and supported with networks, benefits and development opportunities to help them thrive.

For additional information on BlackRock, please visit careers.blackrock.com | www.blackrock.com/corporate | Instagram: @blackrock | Twitter: @blackrock | LinkedIn: www.linkedin.com/company/blackrock

BlackRock is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. We evaluate qualified applicants without regard to age, disability, family status, gender identity, race, religion, sex, sexual orientation and other protected attributes at law.