Senior Deep Learning NLP Engineer
H1  India Remote 1 month ago  Over 200 applicants

About the job
At H1, we believe access to the best healthcare information is a basic human right. Our mission is to provide a platform that can optimally inform every doctor interaction globally. This promotes health equity and builds needed trust in healthcare systems. To accomplish this our teams harness the power of data and AI-technology to unlock groundbreaking medical insights and convert those insights into action that result in optimal patient outcomes and accelerates an equitable and inclusive drug development lifecycle. Visit h1.co to learn more about us.

Our team is building a suite of machine learning tools to help solve problems in the healthcare and life science space. The team’s initial focus is the entity matching problem to automate the merging of data from across multiple sources to enrich the health care provider profiles in H1’s core product. As the team grows there many data-driven projects lined up including intelligent automated web scraping, natural language processing to better group and classify medical information, and graph algorithms to understand the patterns of connection across the global healthcare landscape.

What You'll Do At H1

Understanding business objectives and developing models that help to achieve them, along with metrics to track their progress
Managing available resources such as hardware, data, and personnel so that deadlines are met
Analyzing the ML algorithms that could be used to solve a given problem and ranking them by their success probability
Exploring and visualizing data to gain an understanding of it, then identifying differences in data distribution that could affect performance when deploying the model in the real world
Verifying data quality, and/or ensuring it via data cleaning
Supervising the data acquisition process if more data is needed
Finding available datasets online that could be used for training
Defining validation strategies
Defining the preprocessing or feature engineering to be done on a given dataset
Defining data augmentation pipelines
Training models and tuning their hyperparameters
Analyzing the errors of the model and designing strategies to overcome them
Deploying models to production

About You

An agile development background and history of working in highly agile environments.
Strong communication, collaboration, and problem-solving skills.
A great human who contributes to an amazing, accepting, and diverse culture

Requirements

5+ years of experience with most of the following skill sets and technologies: Python, containerization ecosystems (Docker, Kubernetes, etc) DAG management systems (Airflow, Argo, Prefect, etc) SQL/NoSQL database design and optimization, AWS, Unit tests, CI/CD tools, documenting software architectures, refactoring existing codebases.
Proficiency with a deep learning framework such as Pytorch or Keras or Tensorflow or OpenAI
Proficiency with Python and basic libraries for machine learning such as scikit-learn and pandas
Expertise in visualizing and manipulating big datasets
Familiarity with Linux
Ability to select hardware to run an ML model with the required latency
Understanding of LLM, Langchain framework is a plus

Not meeting all the requirements but still feel like you’d be a great fit? Tell us how you can contribute to our team in a cover letter!

H1 OFFERS

Full suite of health insurance options, in addition to generous paid time off
Pre-planned company-wide wellness holidays
Retirement options
Health & charitable donation stipends
Impactful Business Resource Groups
Flexible work hours & the opportunity to work from anywhere
The opportunity to work with leading biotech and life sciences companies in an innovative industry with a mission to improve healthcare around the globe