Machine Learning Engineer
Quantiphi  Bengaluru, Karnataka, India On-site 1 month ago  Over 200 applicants

About the job
While technology is the heart of our business, a global and diverse culture is the heart of our success. We love our people and we take pride in catering them to a culture built on transparency, diversity, integrity, learning and growth.

If working in an environment that encourages you to innovate and excel, not just in professional but personal life, interests you- you would enjoy your career with Quantiphi!

Basic Responsibilities
Work on creating high performance and scalable solution for different problems
Develop sophisticated yet simple interpretations and communicate insights to clients that lead to quantifiable business impact
Ability to envision new technologies and turn them into innovative products.
Remain knowledgeable about current technology and carry out research to identify new trends that can be used to achieve maximum results
Carry out other technical related duties that may be required. Be abreast of the best coding and architecting practices

Skills Required
Bachelor’s/Master’s in Computer Science/Electrical Engineering with focus on AI/ML
Experience with submitting papers to machine learning conferences (e.g. NeurIPS, ICLR,ICML, etc.)
Should have at least 3 years of experience with a minimum of 2+ years in the design and development of AI/ML-based systems.
Knowledge of statistical modeling and popular machine learning models.
Hands-on with Python/R programming and knowledge of machine learning tools like Scikit-Learn, Pandas, Tensorflow, Pytorch is a must
Should possess knowledge of at least one cloud platform (GCP, Azure, or AWS) and machine learning services offered by them.
Working knowledge of Recommender systems is a must
Conceptual and code level understanding of Computer Vision, Object detection(Faster RCNN, YOLO, SSD, etc), Image similarity is good to have
NLP: Vector Space modeling in NLP, LSTMs, Sequence modeling, Attention modeling, BERT, Large Language models is a must. Knowledge on using the above-mentioned techniques performing Document classification, Semantic similarity, NER, Sentiment Analysis is a must
Experience in the design and development of continuous delivery and automation pipelines (MLOps) in the cloud is good to have
Ability to use analytical thinking and business understanding to perform an insightful, actionable quantitative and qualitative analysis of the business
Experience in working in an Agile environment
Strong verbal and written communication skills.