Machine Learning Scientist
PayPal  Bengaluru, Karnataka, India 17 hours ago  77 applicants

About the job
At PayPal (NASDAQ: PYPL), we believe that every person has the right to participate fully in the global economy. Our mission is to democratize financial services to ensure that everyone, regardless of background or economic standing, has access to affordable, convenient, and secure products and services to take control of their financial lives.

Job Description Summary:

What you need to know about the role- You should be a driven Machine Learning Scientist. Meet our team- You will be joining PayPal’s nascent Personalization AI/ML, Product Intelligence & Experimentation Sciences team.

Job Description:

Your way to impact -

You should have a strong background in developing and implementing machine learning algorithms.
We leverage state of the art machine learning techniques to solve challenging and impactful business problems in consumer product domain.
This position requires the ability and curiosity to learn various advanced AI/ML techniques.


Your day to day -

As a Machine Learning Scientist you will be responsible for:

Developing state-of-the-art Machine Learning solutions to solve impactful business problems
Working with team and stakeholders to formulate business challenges into data science and machine learning problems
Productionalizing and automating large scale end-to-end data solutions in close collaboration with our engineering teams
Present findings and recommendations to business partners and senior leadership


What Do You Need To Bring-

Masters degree or equivalent experience in a quantitative field (Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics, Engineering, Artificial Intelligence, etc.) with 8+ yrs. of relevant industry experience
Experience in developing and deploying machine learning solutions with a focus on NLP
Advanced knowledge of statistical and machine learning algorithms (e.g., logistic regression, time series analysis, random forests, SVMs, XGBoost, CNNs/RNNs)
Hands-on experience with popular ML frameworks and libraries (e.g., Scikit-learn, TensorFlow, PyTorch, etc.) and in dealing with big data (e.g., Hadoop, Spark , SQL, etc.)
Ability to write scalable production-quality code in Python, Java, Scala or a similar programming language, and to design and implement data engineering pipelines using technologies like Hive, SQL, BigQuery, or Spark
Strong problem-solving skills and attention to detail
Ability to communicate effectively and establish constructive relationship with business and engineering partners
Ability to work effectively both independently and in a team environment
Experience with Fintech and/or Financial Services industry an advantage


Nice to Haves:

Experience working in Cloud based environment (e.g., GCP, Azure, AWS)
Hands-on experience with conducting experiments in various areas of personalization and causal inferencing
Experience working on feed-based ML ranking and recommendation systems