AI Research Intern
SHL  Gurgaon, Haryana, India On-site 2 weeks ago  Over 200 applicants

About the job
Job Description

SHL is hiring research interns who can convert theory into practice. The selected interns would work with the AI Team on cutting edge AI/ML problems in natural language processing, audio/speech processing, and computer vision. Interns along with the advancement in their career might also get a full-time offer from the company based on their performance.

Minimum Required Qualifications
Available to work full-time for the next 3-6 months.
Should have strong programming skills, preferably in Python.
Should have previously worked on AI/ML either as an intern in industry or through projects.
Deep exposure to Deep Learning frameworks such as TensorFlow, Pytorch etc. is a plus.
SHL AI team helps build AI/ML products and solutions in talent assessments and management. The team has made a significant and consistent business impact over the past several years and published multiple research papers in top AI conferences including ACM IUI, KDD, and AAAI.

Qualifications : Recently graduated students with engineering degree OR students enrolled in any engineering/mathematics/statistics discipline currently

About Us

We unlock the possibilities of businesses through the power of people, science and technology.

We started this industry of people insight more than 40 years ago and continue to lead the market with powerhouse product launches, ground-breaking science and business transformation.

When you inspire and transform people’s lives, you will experience the greatest business outcomes possible. SHL’s products insights, experiences, and services can help achieve growth at scale.

What SHL Can Offer You
An inclusive culture.
A fun and flexible workplace where you’ll be inspired to do your best work.
Employee benefits package that takes care of you and your family.
Support, coaching, and on-the-job development to achieve career success.
The ability to transform workplaces around the world for others.
SHL is an equal opportunity employer. We support and encourage applications from a diverse range of candidates. We can, and do make adjustments to make sure our recruitment process is as inclusive as possible.