AM/DM - Data Scientist
Maruti Suzuki India Limited  Gurgaon, Haryana, India On-site 3 weeks ago  Over 200 applicants

About the job
Responsibilities

Role & Responsibility:

Understanding of accident data and environment data
Architect a data-based solution for the business problem presented.
Develop contextual automotive domain knowledge around the problem. Collaborate with the domain knowledge expert if required.
Understand the IoT device (Telematics Control Unit) of the vehicle.
Develop understanding of Time-Series Data
Clean up and Prepare datasets for modeling, get involved in ETL process if required.
Exploratory data and get insights. Present the descriptive stats and insights to the domain experts. Find meaningful patterns in data, detect seasonality and trend, establish cause and effect relationships in data. Develop & Test hypothesis in collaboration with the domain experts.
Design features, shortlist features, study feature importance, decide the ML strategy
Data modelling, selection of an appropriate machine learning / deep learning model, data pipeline setup for model training, hyper-parameter tuning, validation and test. Apply ensemble model techniques (if required)
Reporting & Visualization: Comprehension of reports, visualization of data in the form of plots.
Mentoring juniors in data science

Competency Requirement

Must have minimum of 4 years of industry experience in developing data science models and /or accident
Strong programming skills in python is a must. Working experience with pandas, numpy, matplotlib, sklearn
Statistical analyses (descriptive ,inferential, hypothesis testing)
Hands on experience of mathematical modelling
ML models (GLM, Boosting, Decision Trees, Neural Networks, SVM, Bayesian Methods,)
Time series models (econometrics, RNNs, LSTM, GRUs)
Unsupervised learning algorithms
Experience of image classification using computer vision techniques
Experience of deployment of models

Desirable

Experience of simulation of accidents on PC crash/ OPENPass
Experience of deployment of models
Experience in time-series/IoT data analytics
Exposure to automotive systems, automobile basics, controller area Network protocol (CAN protocol) etc.
Data Visualization tools such as Tableau, PowerBI etc

Educational Requirement

BE/ B Tech with 60% marks and certification course/diploma in Data science