Deep Learning Engineers
CONXAI  Bengaluru, Karnataka, India On-site 1 week ago  Over 200 applicants

About the job
Passionate about developing cutting edge AI solutions that will transform the global construction Industry?

We are building the first NO-CODE AI PLATFORM for the AEC industry, with the 3rd generation AI, that allows users to create complex use cases with zero coding at the frontend and neuro-symbolic AI under the hood.

As a part of this platform, we are working on a module that involves the use of neural reasoning.

Tasks

We are looking for Deep Learning Engineers to implement state of the art techniques and create new deep learning models. With such an experience, the candidate will also be in a position to create cutting edge "Neural Reasoning" solutions to understand construction sites from visual and IoT sensor data. We will provide a unique opportunity to work on the 3rd generation Explainable AI.
You will work on "Deep Learning" tasks, such as Object Detection, Instance Segmentation, Semantic Segmentation, Pose Estimation, Depth Estimation etc.
You will build the prototype on real world data. We will provide the environment and tools through our platform to productionize it. We expect the candidate to have a balance of innovation and application perspectives
You will gain experience in more advanced learning methods such as self-supervision and one-shot learning
You will contribute to our overall platform and product developments.

You will work closely with and learn from the Founder/CTO, Dr. Krishna Sridhar, former Program Head of Autonomous AI (autonomous driving) at Continental AG and who earlier worked as a Post-Doc AI Researcher at a DARPA Project(US Dept. of Defense).

Requirements
MS / MTech in Deep Learning with 2+ years of experience. PhD is a plus
Masters degree in Computer Science from a top university
Hands on experience in Computer Vision topics such as Object Detection, Instance Segmentation, Semantic Segmentation, Pose Estimation and Depth Estimation
Exceptional coding skills in PyTorch or TensorFlow
Publications in top conferences (ICCV, CVPR, ICML)
A thorough understanding of software design
Evidence of being able to code from scratch in GitHub
Additional experience in Bayesian Learning and Graph Neural Networks is a plus
Additional experience in Natural Language Processing (NLP) using Deep Learning is a plus
Good writing and speaking skills
Team player
Fluent English

Benefits

Competitive salary (INR 18L - 27L per annum) depending on the experience
Annual Training Budget
ESOPs