Title: Systems Tester Job In Derry Learning Pool
Full Description: SYSTEMS TESTER JOB IN DERRY LEARNING POOL In an exclusive partnership, Learning Pool in Derry has selected CPL NI to assist them with their growth over the next 12 months. Are you a talented SYSTEMS TESTER? Are you commutable from Derry? Are you bored in your current role and need a fresh challenge? Are you the type of person who likes to question things, maybe create new ideas and build on them? Would you like to work with really friendly, helpful people? Read on, as this role is definitely one you should be applying for. The Client This is an exciting job opportunity for an experienced SYSTEMS TESTER to join a forward thinking company where talent is embraced and not ignored. Moving to new offices, this team of talented people are a progressive bunch, always looking for another angle to overcome problems and create innovative solutions. You will join Learning Pool at an exciting time of growth and you will play an important part in this expansion Your immediate team, the people that you will work with is really talented and like to involve everyone in their decisions so if you want to be part of this cohesive environment, read on to see if you match . Job Role: To give you a taste of what you ll be involved in please see below: You ll have worked in a similar role before and understand the importance of system testing You ll have incredible attention to detail, you ll be meticulous and take pride in a good job completed; You ll understand the testing cycle and be able to improve the process as you go; You ll be able to think like a user and communicate with software developers in a constructive way to improve how things can be used by real people You ll be able to write test plans and test scripts as well implementing these through the test cycle. Experience and skill set requirements: This is a varied role because our product portfolio is large and growing. It s also a busy role as we build a lot of new things all the time The person will have ultimate responsibility for signing off functionality and handing it to the customer services manager for final acceptance testing Building automated test harnesses will be an important element of this job and an exciting project for the person in the early days; Testing new functionality is at the heart of this role and will take up a lot of time in planning, testing and regression testing; this is our first formal appointment into this role and we see enormous career progression, either into an analyst role, in a more technical direction or toward project or team management. In a nutshell, this role will grow as you do This unique opportunity will be filled quickly so if you are in a role at the moment and bored with the same **** conveyor belt of mundane projects, you definitely should be applying for this. If you re simply curious or would maybe like to find out more, I d be delighted to speak with you either by email or phone as below. CPL Contact: To apply or for further information, please contact Neil Corrigan **** **** **** **** or email your CV to neil.corrigancplni.com Keywords: , system tester, test scripts, writing test plans, City of Culture, Londonderry, Northwest, Donegal, Ireland, Northern Ireland, UK, Republic of Ireland
