Title: Apprentice Net/Dynamics Developer  Newbury
Full Description: At The NAV People we have one guiding principle  customer service is everything. If it's a trusted partner to help deliver a modern, innovative business management platform, great support for your existing Microsoft Dynamics NAV software solution or pragmatic advice on how technology can help your business, we can help. With over 15 years' experience in delivering the Microsoft Dynamics NAV platform across a wide range of industry sectors, we offer not only great technical skill but a depth and breadth of experience in business management process and requirements that is required for delivering platforms which are critical for business operation and evolutions. Job Overview: Assisting in the development of customisations to Microsoft Dynamics ERP software for the existing customers of Vedbaek.Enablingthe integration of these packages to other business critical software such as Office, BI, Reporting. This is a junior development role working within the Service Delivery team.There are **** other senior consultants and developers in this team.Initial responsibilities will include supporting the other developers, building test environments, deploying changes to customer’s test environments.It will also include the porting of data from legacy to new customer systems. There will also be an opportunity to work within the Customer Services team to learn the ERP application in full detail. Weekly Wage : **** Qualifications Required: You must have **** GSCE’s (C and above) – Maths, English and Science is a must. Personal Qualities: We are looking for exceptional applicants who are really committed to becoming a professional Software Developer. You should be able to show a real passion for technology, and relish solving difficult problems. As well as good logical reasoning skills, you should be able to show you can work as part of a larger Development team, and communicate well with colleagues and customers. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ApprenticeNetDynamicsDeveloperNewbury_job****
