Title: Web Developer
Full Description: The Company  Our Client: Our client is an exciting new payroll company based in Eastleigh business bringing revolution to the UK card payments industry focusing on system innovation and service excellence. The business is looking for a number of skilled, dedicated and ambitious team members to work on bringing the services to market in early 2013. They are currently seeking a software developer to assist in developing the software that will support the Clients service proposition offered to its customers. The Role  Main Duties and Responsibilities:  Develop the core systems that will allow customers to take advantage of their services based on a Linux/UNIX based architecture.  Contribute ideas to enhance the specification and systems during and post development.  Required to work in an environment where the data being input into the developed system is highly confidential and will have experience in developing code that supports strong security.  The Clients software applications are required to comply with PCI DSS Level 1 therefore experience in this would be beneficial but not necessarily essential.  As a result of the PCI DSS compliance obligation the person we are looking for will have had experience in documenting and recording processes and activity within the guidelines set to us by PCI.  A wellstructured and project driven individual that is able to plan and set accurate delivery expectations and is used to providing regular updates to their line manager on their progress.  Strong experience with OO PHP, XML and using any kind of MVC framework.  Experience with highly secure and scalable web development  Experience with Web Service API development (REST)  Working with other development colleagues and Systems Administration to agree particular server based software/applications required to operate the software.  Keep abreast of technology/software enhancements and how they would apply and would be used within their organisation  Participate in weekly team meetings to discuss progress with other team members.  Preferable ambition to progress in the business as it grows. The Person  Skills, Knowledge, Qualifications and Experience:  Significant experience as a software developer in a commercial environment.  Indepth understanding, ability to interpret and code (as required) in PHP, MySQL, XML and REST.  Proficient with HTML/XHTML/HTML5 and CSS.  Experience with Linux/UNIX distributions such as Ubuntu, Debian, CentOS etc.  Considerable experience in developing applications that can process high volumes of information without performance degradation whilst encrypting and securing data.  Strategic Thinking : Considers the longerterm impact of day to day decisions. Considers the requirements and goals of the business when prioritising day to day work and projects.  Indepth experience and understanding of systems, as well as systems analysis and design experience of a formal software development lifecycle.  Accountability : Takes ownership of issues to get resolutions that benefit the business.  Problem Solving and Analysis : Works on problems of diverse scope where analysis of data is required. Demonstrates good judgement in selecting methods and techniques in obtaining solutions.  Teamwork and Collaboration : High sense of ownership and urgency with experience in working in and coordinating a team to get the job done and deliver upon the objectives and goals of the business.  Customer Focus : Makes and meets internal customer commitments understanding that their requirements are what drive those of the business and keep the doors open. The Package : What You Could Earn:  **** to ****  benefits  performance related bonus
