Title: Ruby on Rails Developer, RoR, Linux, PHP, Perl
Full Description: Ruby on Rails Developer, RoR, Linux, PHP, Perl An excellent opportunity has arisen for a Ruby on Rails Developer to join my forwardthinking client based in Warwick. The successful Ruby on Rails developer will be responsible for application design and development, working closely with the Technical Architect and Product Manager to provide functional and technical specifications and input into the development roadmap. The Ruby on Rails Developer will work with the application development team through design and implementation, including regular code reviews. The Developer will also be required to deliver high quality functionality on schedule; testing, maintaining and ensuring the quality of new and existing functionality. The Ruby on Rails Developer will have thorough Knowledge and experience of the UNIX/Linux environment and device drivers, including Linux kernel modifications. Ruby on Rails, RoR web application design and development is essential, with knowledge of web services and service oriented architecture. To be successful in this role, the Ruby on Rails, RoR Developer will have the following skills and experience:  Demonstrable experience of UNIX/Linux environments  Ruby on Rails web application design and development  Relational database design experience  Any experience of Linux services, LAMP, Apache, BIND, DHCP etc.  Knowledge of Java, C++, Actionscript, Perl or PHP is desirable  Experience with PostgreSQL  Experience with Selenium web application testing advantageous  Knowledge of industrial control and sensor protocols e.g. ModBus, ****wire, i****c In addition, an opportunity currently exists for a Senior Developer, to be considered for a Team Lead role. The successful Team Leader will additionally manage the daytoday operation of a small team of Software Developers and should have experience in mentoring a team. So, if you are a motivated and enthusiastic Ruby on Rails, RoR Developer seeking your next exciting opportunity, this could be the role for you Send an up to date CV today for consideration. Alternatively, if you are interested in learning Ruby on Rails with no previous experience, please get in touch as we have other opportunities available. Ruby on Rails Developer, RoR, Linux, PHP, Perl Referral Scheme: If this role isn’t for you then perhaps you could recommend a friend or colleague to Haybrook IT.If we go on to place that person in a permanent or temporary capacity then you could be rewarded with **** Please see our website for terms and conditions. Haybrook IT Resourcing is Oxford’s leading IT Recruitment agency.With exclusive access to some of the region’s most successful companies, send in your CV today to secure your next IT position. Haybrook IT Resourcing Ltd acts as an employment agency and an employment business. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/RubyonRailsDeveloperRoRLinuxPHPPerl_job****
