Title: GCHQ Software Engineers
Full Description: Cheltenham Are you looking for new and challenging ways to make the most of your passion for the design and development of innovative technology? Here at GCHQ you’ll find some of the most complex challenges in the industry. One of the UK’s intelligence and security agencies, we protect Britain’s electronic communications and digital space. We intercept and interpret information to stay ahead of the UK’s adversaries – the online criminals, computer hackers, terrorists, drugs smugglers and any organised crime threatening the country, its people and infrastructure. Our work ranges from small teams with each individual working the whole engineering lifecycle, through to multimillion programmes staffed by specialist professionals cutting across industry, government and national boundaries. And, from high security machine rooms to remote deployments in the field, our technology is utilised everywhere. From Software developers (primarily Java, JEE, C, and C++), Database developers (Oracle), Software designers and architects (with OO, UML) to Configuration Managers, Build and Integration Managers and more, the roles here are many and varied. Whichever role you’re in, you’ll be part of a team of industryleading experts, with the opportunity to reengineer emerging technologies. You’ll discover an ideal environment in which to explore your ability, and you’ll find new ways to enhance your expertise. You’ll also benefit from our defined careers stream based on industry standard SFIA and Engineering Council Standards. In addition, we encourage membership of professional institutions and offer development initiatives that extend well into senior management roles. To apply you must have, or expect to gain (by the summer of ****0****2) a 2:1 in a Computer Science, Software Engineering or Information Technology degree, and possess a keen interest in technology with knowledge of a variety of programming languages. Discover more and apply Applicants must be British citizens. GCHQ values diversity and welcomes applicants from all sections of the community. We want our workforce to reflect the diversity of our work.
