Title: C WPF Developer, Investment Banking, Equities Desk
Full Description: C WPF Developer, Investment Banking, Greenfield Equities Project Key words: C, WPF, SQL, Java, C++, Greenfield, front office, databases, investment banking, equities, derivatives, London, Credit, Rates, FX, Commodities My client is an elite investment bank with an emphasis on quality. Business is primarily driven by technology and as such this will be a highly visible role. Their equities desk was highly profitable last year and as such they are looking to take further market share from their competitors. They are looking for several C WPF developers to work on several greenfield projects across their front office equities team, taking ownership of business critical projects and continuing to add value to the area by contributing to innovation and development in the future. Development is primarily in C using WPF and the team has built a strong basis with technologists from across the financial services, as well as from some of the worldn s leading software houses. The development team work closely with the business to respond quickly to critical requirements, making this a dynamic career opportunity to hone your technical expertise working alongside one of London s premier development teams. Your career will also benefit from the business exposure and your interaction with the rest of business, technical and non technical users. This is a technically challenging role for an enthusiastic C WPF software developer with a genuine passion for technology. Key Skills:  Experience in C programming, ideally **** years in the financial services  Database experience, ideally SQL  Academics  2:1 or 1st from a top university in a numerical subject.  Experience with equities and specifically equity derivatives would be ideal, but front office experience with a range of asset classes including FX, Rates, Commodities and Credit would all be useful  Proven ability to develop high quality software  Appreciation of software architecture. Working for a leading investment bank on Greenfield development projects this is an excellent opportunity for a C WPF developer to progress in a competitive and fast paced industry. Whether you are looking for a new technical challenge or further equities business knowledge there will be suitable opportunities for experienced developers from analyst to VP level and beyond. Allegis Group Limited and Aston Carter Limited operate Employment Businesses and Agencies and are companies within the Allegis Group Inc. group of companies, the fourth largest staffing company in the world, (collectively referred to as the Allegis Group ). TEKsystems and Aerotek are divisions of Allegis Group Limited. Applicant data will be treated in accordance with the Allegis Group s Privacy Notice http://www.allegisgroup.com/Privacy/Default.aspx). By submitting personal data to any company or division within the Allegis Group, the applicant is providing explicit consent to the use of such data by the Allegis Group and to the transfer of such data to and from the Allegis Group companies within the UK, Europe and outside the European Economic Area in connection with the fulfilment of the applicant s voluntary requests, and the fulfilment of other job opportunities that match the applicant s profile, and confirms that they may be contacted about such job opportunities. 
