Title: Junior Software Engineer / Graduate Software Developer
Full Description: Job Description Recently started a Career in Software Engineering ?? Not learning as quickly as you anticipated ?? We are looking for a very bright and motivated junior Software Engineer that is focussed on fast tracking their career within Software Development. We develop a suite of web based assessment tools and applications that are used by some of the Worlds' largest companies. Our flagship product is renowned within the industry as being very reliable  we pride ourselves on writing scalable, reuseable and structured software. We utilise the Microsoft technology stack extensively but as long as you have an understanding of (and ideally some commercial experience in) any OO language as long as you are happy going forward using C.Net, ASP.Net and SQL Server (predominantly). You will be given the training (onthejob and externally if required) and support that you need to become an established member of our highly skilled Software Engineering team. Desired Skills Qualifications A **** or above from a recognisable UK University Some commercial experience of using C or ASP.Net and SQL Server  we will also consider your application if you are a fresh graduate with a passion for Software Development. Very strong verbal and oral communication skills. A willingness to learn and a want to develop yourself personally. Company Description We are based in Guildford within a stones through from a mainline station, that makes us very accessible from most of Surrey and Hampshire and also stations on the mainline to London Waterloo. Within a very short walk from our office you can find yourself in the busy town centre. If you would like more information including a full job specification and a chat about the position, please contact me, Nick Maddox Looking to relocate? We are not alone in thinking that Surrey is one of the best parts of the country to live in. We have a great mix of city and country living, excellent schools and transport connections (M3, M25, Heathrow Airport). Don't just take our word for it: http://www.surreycc.gov.uk/getinvolved/lovewhereyoulivevideo This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/JuniorSoftwareEngineerGraduateSoftwareDeveloper_job****
