Title: Senior Developer (Web team)
Full Description: ****digital is the world's leading digital music and content technology platform, and provides open access to the broadest catalogue of fully licensed, high quality digital music. The company powers comprehensive digital music services for consumers, developers and a wide range of partners around the world. ****digital are looking for smart, selfmotivated software developers to join our truly exceptional development team. Good working TDD experience is essential for this role. About you oYou care about software, you have a passion for what you do which you can clearly convey by your actions rather than just waffly personal statements on your CV. oYou have an eye for software design and can talk eloquently on a range of topics due to your experiences and also from reading and experimentation. oFor you it's more than a job. TDD Among other things we're strong advocates of TDD. We think it represents such a particular mindset we'd only consider you for a senior position if you have significant working experience with it. If you do have working experience with TDD, great We want to know more. How much? How did you do TDD? How have you used TDD on a recent project? What problems have you faced? The more the better The role We are building out a dynamic, single page web application using industry standard JavaScript toolchain including: RequireJS, Mocha, Grunt and Node.js Our teams are crossfunctional, selforganising and highly autonomous. No architects, project managers or middle management, you'll be working directly with our Product Managers and stakeholders in a highly collaborative manner. This approach requires a huge amount of teamwork and maturity and is not right for everyone, but we believe it's the best way to create great software. Among other things, Pair Programming, TDD/BDD, Refactoring, and Continuous Delivery are deeply embedded and we're constantly striving to improve the way we work. We know typing is not the bottleneck, so among other things: oHave around two sessions a week spending time doing things like Katas, Dojos and discussing practices and technologies. oEach get up to two days innovation time a month we can use to play with new toys or product ideas. oRegularly attend conferences and community events, both as participants and contributors (we've recently ran sessions at QCon London 2012, Software Craftsmanship 2012 and SPA Conference 2012). However, we're not perfect and not afraid to say so. We recognise we have many problems which need solving and a long way to go on our journey of continuous improvement. Technology we use Most of our stack is C/.Net but we're using and investigating many other languages and technologies (e.g. Ruby, server side JavaScript, C++, Python). We'd be interested in candidates from any background as long as you have a keen understanding of Object Oriented languages. Here's a (not exclusive) list of technologies we currently use: oC, Ruby, JavaScript, Node.js oASP.Net MVC, OpenRasta, Nancy, ServiceStack, Nhibernate, Windsor, StructureMap, NUnit, RhinoMocks, ReSharper, NDepend oCucumber, Rails, RSpec, Rake, Capybara, Selenium, Watir oREST, OAuth oGit oMS SQL, ElasticSearch, Solr oMono, Windows, IIS, Nginx oRabbitMQ oTeamCity We're also very keen on open source. We contribute to some of the technologies listed above as well as maintaining our own forks ( publishing other things we'd like to share) on our GitHub account.
