Title: Net Developer  ASPNet, MVC  Stockport
Full Description: .Net Software Developers – ASP.Net, MVC Stockport, Manchester, North West Salary: c****k  Benefits Package The Role: A number of exciting opportunities have arisen for .Net Developers of various levels to work on full project lifecycle development of new and existing solutions in the .Net Framework with ASP.Net and MVC in an Agile environment. Key Skills: The ideal candidates will have proven commercial and technical development backgrounds in the .Net Framework, with full project lifecycle experience. You will have strong web development experience using ASP.Net and ideally a good understanding of / experience in the MVC framework (MVC2 or MVC****) or similar. You will have a solid Object Oriented / OO skills, with experience in ideally both C and VB.Net and you will be happy working in either. You will have a strong understanding of Agile methodologies. You will also have good database skills in SQL Server 2008 and experience in unit testing and mocking with NHibernate, NUnit or similar frameworks. Your technical skills will be accompanied by excellent communication and documentation skills at all levels of business. The Company: Our client is at the forefront of their market. They offer a first class working environment in a brand new office development, working as part of small dynamic teams. They can offer ongoing training and development with genuine opportunities for career progression. Stockport – Manchester – Cheadle – Cheshire. LA International Computer Consultants Ltd is an HMG Approved Consultancy and operates as an IT & Engineering Consultancy or as an Employment Business & Agency, depending upon the precise nature of the work, for security cleared jobs or non clearance vacancies, we welcome applications from all sections of the community and from people with diverse experience and backgrounds. Award Winning LA International Computer Consultants Ltd (Recruiter Awards for Excellence  Best IT, Best Public Sector & Gold Awards)
