Title: SOFTWARE DEVELOPER  C / C++ EMBEDDED SYSTEMS
Full Description: SOFTWARE DEVELOPER  EMBEDDED C  UP TO **** PLUS BENEFITS  BASED MANCHESTER This role is an exciting opportunity to work on a wide range of product development projects from inception to completion. Working as part of a multidisciplinary product development team this role will suit an experienced C / C++ Embedded Software Developer. You will be part of a team developing a range of networked and portable devices integrating sensor technology with embedded microcontroller hardware and software. This role will focus on Embedded C and C++ programming, designing software for new products, developing software test routines to perform safety critical checking of software code, and to participate in the testing of the final products. The company is a world leader in its field and works to high standards when designing and manufacturing products that are certified to operate in challenging environments. Well funded, the company is on target to double turnover by ****015. A winner of the UK SME Manufacturing Company of the Year award, the company is a recognised leader in hazardous area and environmental gas detection MAIN DUTIES  SOFTWARE DESIGNER / DEVELOPER Reporting to the Technical Director, the role includes developing embedded software for new products primarily in C and C++. Working from initial product concept, through prototyping, software programming and testing. Working within a multidisciplinary project team participating in peer review and peertopeer testing as part of the product design and validation process. As a software developer there will be an opportunity to contribute on design and development methodology, test methodology and be able to strengthen and enhance the overall capability of the team.  Software design and development,  Design of software test routines,  Design verification, functional testing  Peer to peer testing and code reviews KEY SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE  SOFTWARE DESIGNER / DEVELOPER One of the main skills required is having several years experience developing software for embedded systems using C and C++, also experience working with serial communications protocols. Key is the experience and ability to work from product concept through, development and test to product completion as part a multidisciplinary product development team. Other desirable experience includes:  Educated to degree level, ideally in software engineering or electronics engineering  Experience working with the ARM family of processors  Experience working with PIC processors  Experience working with RS4****5 Modbus systems  Experience with H8 Processors, I2C, Eclipse, IDE, GCC compilers  Experience working on safety critical systems and to SIL protocols If you have the relevant background and experience and you are looking to work as part of a small team in a fast growing and dynamic organisation who is a world leader in its field, then we would really like to hear from you. The first stage of the application process is to apply online. Candidate Source Ltd is an Advertising Agency working on behalf of an Employment Agency. By applying for this position you are giving us permission to pass your CV and covering letter to a third party in relation to this specific vacancy. A full copy of our privacy policy can be viewed on our website. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SOFTWAREDEVELOPERCC++EMBEDDEDSYSTEMS_job****
