Title: Software / web developer (PHP  CodeIgniter  MySQL)
Full Description: Keepthinking™ (http://www.keepthinking.co.uk) is an independent digital agency and software developer, based in Central London, with offices in New York and Hong Kong. The company has been built on culture, people and passion and works solely with likeminded organisations, like museums and galleries. We strive to make art and culture accessible, to challenge what is accepted and to push for a better ways of looking at things. We seek the perfect balance between aesthetics, technology and usability in order to improve the quality of people’s online experiences. Some of the results (many more on our website): National Galleries of Scotland http://www.nationalgalleries.org British Council Visual Arts http://visualarts.britishcouncil.org Museums Sites http://www.museumssites.com We created, maintain and evolve our own unique Content and Collection Management System (called Qi  www.qicms.com). Joining Keepthinking means getting involved with a team of highly passionate designers, architects and developers, striving for perfection. Every project is a software project, delivered using web technologies on desktop and mobile platforms. The team is young and the office is based in Clerkenwell, which is one of the most active area of London for bars and restaurants  plenty of opportunities to enjoy a good lunch or a drink after work.  Due to a number of new projects in UK, US and Honk Kong, we are now looking for two PHP developers with a strong background in object oriented software, combined with a thorough knowledge of web technologies, including (if possible) MVC frameworks (preferably CodeIgniter). Some linux system administration and Apache SOLR are a definite plus. This position is based in London (UK) with no telecommuting. Job specifications Job Title : Software Developer Level : Middleweight to senior (at least **** to 5 years relevant professional experience) Location : Central London (Clerkenwell) Salary : Dependent on experience Closing Date For Applications: As soon as possible General requirements Write structured, commented and efficient code Good time management skills Ability to mentor and guide more junior members of a development team Essential technical skills Commercial experience of OO PHP MVC frameworks (CodeIgniter preferred but not essential as we can cross train) Advanced experience with MySQL Comfortable with Subversion and some Linux administration Nice to have technical skills Experience with Apache Lucene/SOLR Exposure to large databases, content or collection management systems Exposure to digital asset management Tasks Specify and develop new projects and new components Maintain, support and enhanced existing projects, including Qi and Museums Sites Benefits Bright office in Clerkenwell, Central London Extended holidays, including between Christmas and New Year Challenging and cool projects, always different We create our own IP, like Qi and Museums Sites, with tons of R D Free coffee :) Important. No agencies please. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/SoftwarewebdeveloperPHPCodeIgniterMySQL_job****
