Title: Graduate Software Developer (C / SQL) to ****K
Full Description: Graduate Software Developer (C / SQL) to ****K Our client is a young and growing company providing information management systems to their practices and groups in the rapidly changing NHS. An important part of what they do is to work with teams and their practices to help them get the system rolled out and to make best use of it after that. They have taken on more clients and now need to expand their small and expert team. Position: Graduate Software Developer Location: Newcastle Salary: **** to **** dependent on skills and experience Benefits: 25 days holiday plus bank holidays, Pension contribution scheme, Flexible working, Casual dress, Performancerelated bonus, Occupational sick pay, Childcare voucher scheme and Highly flexible career development opportunities. ROLE: This is an excellent opportunity for a Graduate Software Developer looking to gain software development experience and to take advantage of the opportunities offered by a small and growing company. As a Software Developer, you will gain experience working on their core software as a service product as this develops and matures. RESPONSIBILITIES: a) Developing web applications. b) Web application design and providing technical solutions to their client’s requirements. c) Commitment to the quality of your work and a willingness to find solutions to both client and business problems. ESSENTIAL SKILLS / EXPERIENCE: a) Must have a relevant degree in computer science at pass level 2:**** or above or equivalent, substantial and objective evidence of equivalent skills may be acceptable, if supported by practical experience. c) A good team player, keen to learn, adaptable to working with different technologies and who have good communications skills. d) The predominant technologies are Microsoft based, including C and SQL in a web application environment, you must have a good grasp of both of these in order to be considered. You may have experience of the following: Graduate Software Developer, Trainee Programmer, Computer Sciences Graduate, C Developer, Software Engineer, ASP.Net, VB.Net. SQL, .Net Developer etc. This vacancy is being advertised by Easy Web Recruitment, the UK’s leading Online Recruitment Agency. The services advertised by Easy Web Recruitment are those of an employment agency.
