Title: Software Developer  Visual Studio / C / Net / SQL / Winforms
Full Description: Job Title: Software Developer  Visual Studio / C / .Net / SQL / Winforms Skills: Visual Studio, visual web developer ****2, .Net, C, Oracle, UNIX, MS SQL, SQL Server, Washington, Tyne and Wear Location: Washington, Tyne and Wear Due to increased growth and success of the company a new position for an experienced Software Developer  Visual Studio / C / .Net / SQL / Winforms is now available within their software development teams. Company: Our client is a leading global software services company providing advanced IT software solutions to various industries. The company has over 30 years of experience, working with its Tier 1 customers in many sectors and has built up a unique depth of knowledge and expertise, a reputation for classleading products. The Company looks for individuals who value being part of a winning team and enjoy working in an energetic and dynamic environment that rewards dedication and hard work. The company strives to offer security for both staff and customers and provides excellent products and quality services to its focused market areas. Employment at the Company is based solely on individual merit and qualifications directly related to professional competence. With through ongoing training and career management, the Company offers opportunities for individual growth and development. Role: You will be involved in analysing and implementing operational enhancements, code reviews, detailed project work and ultimately working on to the implementation of major product enhancements and new modules. All developers will contribute towards the requirements and design stage and you will be given the opportunity to mentor or team lead dependant on your own aspirations. The role will involve interpreting requirements, software design, implementation and testing. The ability to perform customer demonstrations is also desirable. The individual will need to be highly motivated, adaptable with excellent problem solving and communication skills. A positive proactive approach to work is essential. Skills and Experience Required: Successful Software Developers will have indepth commercial experience working as a Software Developer using Visual Studio 2010, C, .NET, Winforms Proven commercial development experience and exposure to the .NET Framework, C, SQL and Windows Forms. Exposure to Agile development methodologies. Object oriented development skills preferably within a multitier architecture. Ideally 2.1 degree or above in Computer Science, Mathematics, Physics, or other scientific disciplines. Familiarity with MS Windows, MS SQL, Oracle and UNIX. Good problem solving and defect resolution skills. Initiative and ability to work under time pressures to meet deadlines. Excellent communication and interpersonal skills Remuneration for the Visual Web Developer: Salary: to ****  ****  Pension  Bonus  Good Benefits Start: ASAP Skills: Visual Studio, visual web developer 2012, .Net, C, Oracle, UNIX, MS SQL, SQL Server, Washington, Tyne and Wear
