Title: Software Development Apprentice
Full Description: We build websites that work hard to improve your online profile and help you to sell more. Job Overview: Apprentice’s work will usually be assigned to jobs which are project related and short lived. The aim of the role is to give the Apprentice real world experience in the IT industry, alongside high quality training, while delivering real benefit to the company. Depending on the Apprentice’s skills and experience, as well as the workload in the business, apprentices may work on: • IT Delivery projects such as software engineering, test management and execution and software/hardware installation and configuration; or • IT Operations services such as content management of client websites, managing client hosting services or resolving issues. As a software development apprentice, you may be expected to undertake tasks including: Systems installation and decommissioning: Installs or removes hardware and/or software, and associated connections, using supplied installation instructions and tools. Conducts tests and corrects malfunctions, calling on help from more experienced colleagues if required. Documents results in accordance with agreed procedures. Contributes, as required, to investigations of problems and faults concerning the installation of hardware and/or software and confirms the correct working of installations. Programming / Software development: Designs, codes, tests, corrects, and documents simple programs, and assists in the implementation of software which forms part of a properly engineered information or communications system. Database / repository design: Translates and implements simple development project requirements into physical database structures. Assesses proposed changes to object and data structures and implements these changes in physical databases. Assists in database management system support activities for operational database systems. Information content authoring: Determines the documentation needs of users. Designs individual documentation plans. Creates drafts for review of information format and content. Organises the production and distribution of approved documentation items. Designs the content and appearance of complex information deliverables (e.g. web pages) in collaboration with clients/users. Creates and tests complex, wellengineered deliverables with specified content and layout. Manages the configuration of documentation items and files, within own area of responsibility. Testing: Defines test requirements for smaller projects. Creates test scripts and supporting data, working to the specifications provided. Interprets, executes and records simple test cases in accordance with established plans. Analyses and reports test activities and results. Identifies and reports issues and risks. Service desk and incident management: Receives and handles requests for support following agreed procedures. Responds to common requests for support by providing information to enable problem resolution and promptly allocates unresolved calls as appropriate. Maintains records and advises relevant persons of actions taken. Database administration: Assists in database support activities. IT Operations: Carries out agreed operational procedures of a routine nature. Contributes to maintenance, installation and problem resolution. Training to be Provided This is an outstanding opportunity for talented, committed, and reliable individuals to begin their career as an IT software developer, and we are seeking candidates with high potential. You will have a job from day one, learn your trade as a Developer, and get into an industry with great longterm prospects. You will be taught to develop applications for Windows, web and phone, all using Microsoft’s .NET framework. Qualifications Required • You must have **** GSCE’s (C and above) – Maths, English and Science is a must. (Or any equivalents) This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SoftwareDevelopmentApprentice_job****
