Title: Software Development Lead, Smartcard / Financial Services
Full Description: Key Words: C, Java, Wintel, SQL Server, Oracle, socket programming, financial services, banking Location: Surrey Escape the London rat race Use your financial software development skills in a comfortable, secure environment with one of the world s largest financial services companies, based in the peaceful Surrey countryside. My client is a global developer of smartcards and financial back office services for travel and fare collection systems. Due to the success of their current high visibility projects, and the development of exciting new products that will effect administration of the world s transportation systems, a unique opportunity has arisen for a Senior C developer in a handson technical role, to manage a small team. They are looking for an experienced C developer/Technical leader for current and new development projects. They offer a dynamic and tight knit environment where no day will be the same and you will have the chance to take ownership of your career and work with some of the best software developers in the world. Their products are not static and there is continual progress in terms of technology, serviceability and client requirements which will eventually extend into mobile applications as well. As a Senior C developer you will play an integral part in the team, using technology to push the business forward and to ensure the ongoing success of their current projects. You will need experience of C in a Wintel environment, in addition to SQL server or Oracle. Programming knowledge of Java would also be useful. This will be supported by a BSc degree or equivalent in an engineering or other technical discipline. In addition, you will have a track record gained in a high volume transactional environment, with experience of socket programming. past management experience of a small team is highly desirable. Key Skills:  C, Wintel  Socket programming  SQL server, Oracle databases  High volume financial transactions This is an excellent opportunity for a Senior C developer to take the next step in your career. In addition to an excellent salary you will work alongside a strong development team and set your own expectations with regards to your career, which will also include opportunities in Europe and the rest of the world in this truly global organisation. For more information, please send your CV to Cathy Richardson or call **** **** for more information.
