Title: C Antrim Cut the Commute, keep the quality work
Full Description: Unique opportunity for an experienced C Developer to work in the Antrim area in an innovative, creative environment. A chance to avoid the daily commute to Belfast without compromising on level of technical work. The Company Brightwater NI is working with an innovative technologyled engineering organisation in County Antrim in the recruitment of a Software Developer with a strong appreciation of OO concepts. The company has a range of sophisticated technical products that are used by bluechip clients across several niche industries across the UK, Ireland and increasingly further afield. They pride themselves on the Research and Development aspect of the engineering department which is constantly striving to improve efficiency and integrate new products. The Role The main focus of the position involves playing a key role on the development team with regards to product engineering and maintenance. The company has a diverse client base and as such there is a strong emphasis on customisation / design and integration of the core products as well as R D into new versions and increased functionality. You will be working as part of a small, dedicated development team where ideas and fresh thinking are encouraged. The Person We are looking for an experienced Software Engineer with a background in the .Net framework. You must have an appreciation of all OO concepts especially design. You will also be keen to work in a small team where your input makes a direct difference to the products being shipped. The following skills / experience are required:  Minimum of 2 years development experience in the .Net framework  Experience and appreciation of OO design  Knowledge of WCF, WPF, Linq  SQL Server database skills  Desirable to have knowledge of COM, ADO and Active X The Rewards This is a great move for someone with experience working in a Development role in a software house or engineering environment who wants to make a move to a company where you will be tasked with making a real contribution to the development of a broad product portfolio. It is a growing and thriving organisation that has expanded significantly over recent years. For more information please contact Paul Wright on **** **** **** or send an updated CV via the link below.
