Title: Python Software Developer  Banking FX/Options
Full Description: AVP  Python Software Developer FX/Options Technology Overview Our client is one of the world's largest financial institutions, serving individual consumers, small and middlemarket businesses and large corporations with a full range of banking, investing, asset management and other financial and risk management products and services. The company is a longestablished participant in the European marketplace, with a presence since **** With offices throughout Europe and CEEMEA, the company offers an integrated and comprehensive set of products and services across all businesses, serving the needs of individual, corporate, institutional and government clients, by combining the best of local knowledge and international expertise. Has a strategic and measured approach to its international development and is strengthening its business and infrastructure to create sustainable, longterm growth. Job Description Quartz is an integrated fronttoback position management, pricing, risk management and sales/trading system for all financial instruments across all GMRT business lines. Quartz is the strategic technology platform for all development in GMRT. The role is for a position within FX Options technology, to develop software for the FX Options business of our Client within the Quartz platform. The successful candidate will be responsible for developing highquality software on timescales in an intellectually challenging environment. The successful candidate will be required to become proficient in the tools and methods of the team in a short space of time and will be expected to make an ongoing contribution to improving the design, performance and auditable quality of the overall solution. The successful candidate will work closely with the business and other stakeholders and needs to be handson and be able to perform within a busy and pressurised environment. Responsibilities  Responsible for developing software in Python and associated technologies using the Quartz platform.  Participating fully in the development process through the entire software lifecycle.  Responsible for providing specific, measurable and accurate estimates on short timescales in an intellectually challenging environment. Requirements Front Office experience or demonstrable potential to adapt to a front office environment; Ability to display that candidate can multitask and perform in a time pressured environment Excellent general programming skills. Experience in Python is highly desirable Strong written and verbal communications. Strong FX options product knowledge is desirable. Team player. If you need to receive this information in an alternative format, please contact Equal Approach and we will take reasonable steps to arrange this for you. Our client is an Equal Opportunities employer and we actively encourage candidate applications from all sections of the community. The successful candidate may be required to undertake an Enhanced Criminal Records Bureau Check.
