Title: Software Developers / Software Architects  Nottingham
Full Description: Software Developers, Software Architects, Senior Software Engineer, Programmer, .NET, ASP.NET, C, Java, MVC, WCF, WPF, OOP, SQL Server, Agile, Test Driven Development (TDD), LINQ,, East Midlands, Nottingham. Cordius is delighted to be chosen as the Exclusive Recruitment Partner to one of the East Midlands most exciting Greenfield IT Development projects planned for 2013 With several of the industry s most visionary professionals at the helm and the financial backing to match, our client is forming a brand new Agile Development Team in Nottingham with the primary task to build a pioneering software platform to create market differentiation in service flexibility, accessibility and cost. Aspiring to bring together a group of the best developers in the Midlands and with 5 major projects already lined up for the new year we are searching for exceptionally talented Software Developers Software Architects with vision, drive, dynamism, a belief in doing things better and a passionate desire to deliver. At a point in your career where you need to be challenged, we offer the opportunity to join a newly formed team with likeminded Developers/Architects working on cuttingedge software projects from the ground up. Person Specification: We seek bright Software Professionals passionate about writing and delivering the best code. Those with a good grasp of modern technologies such as: .NET, ASP.NET, C, Java, MVC, WCF, WPF and SQL Server/other RDBMS, and a background in developing and leading complex Web and Mobile Application projects in a dynamic and flexible environment will be preferable to this role.  Our Architects see the bigger picture, working out how it all fits together. Expected to mould the future of the company, you will take ownership of the overall architecture and ultimately the company s direction, furthering the company s expansion both into new products, and ultimately, into new industries.  Our Developers are creative problem solvers who believe that nothing is impossible Having a deep understanding of web and cloud technologies will be required, but always curious to learn new ways of doing things more efficiently. Rapid deployment, testing and enhancing are the core skills that we will be looking for, ideally with the ability to develop and innovate onto smartphone and tablet technologies. Location: Nottingham City Centre, Nottinghamshire, East Midlands Remuneration: To ****K  Bonus Celebrating 25 years of successful recruitment within IT, Technical and Engineering disciplines, our highly experienced team of specialist consultants offer professional and transparent services to match the individual needs of both clients and candidates. We recruit Permanent and Contract Development, Architect, Technical Team Lead, Senior Developer, Principal Software Engineer, Software Developer, Software Engineer, Analyst Programmer, Junior Developer, Junior Software Engineer, .NET, ASP.NET, C, Java, MVC, WCF, WPF, OOP, SQL Server, Agile, Test Driven Development (TDD), LINQ jobs across the East Midlands, South Yorkshire, Derbyshire, Nottinghamshire, Derby and Nottingham areas.
