Title: Java Software Developer – ObjectOriented Design & Analysis
Full Description: Java Software Developer  ObjectOriented Design & AnalysisIpswich, SuffolkUp to **** Plus Contributory Pension, Contributory Healthcare Calling all Java developers Are you ready to work with a unique and innovative product? If you have commercial Java development and OO design and analysis experience, this is a role you'd be crazy to miss A superb opportunity has arisen for a Java Software Developer to join our client, a leading provider of internet based medical records for the management of chronic disease. As a Software Developer, you will play a key role in the development, delivery and maintenance of pioneering webbased software products for the worldwide clinical software market. Working within a small team of dedicated developers, you'll be involved in a number of exciting projects where you will take part in requirements analysis, design and implementation activities. Initially however, you will be directly involved in extending the range of interfaces with medical devices and systems, as well as enhancing existing interfaces to medical devices and systems. This may involve working closely with medical device and system vendors. As part of your role, you will be required to travel to our client's other offices in order to fulfil your duties. To be considered for this exciting opportunity, you must have:  Commercial Java development experience Experience of ObjectOriented (OO) design and analysis Motivated and rigorous, as a Java Software Developer, you will be a selfstarter who thrives in a challenging environment. Personable and professional, you will have first class communication skills and great problem solving abilities. Although not essential, experience of XML, Hibernate and CSS would be beneficial. A track record of using a relational database management system, such as SQL Server would also be an advantage. To apply for the role of Java Software Developer (ObjectOriented Design & Analysis), please apply via the button shown. This vacancy is being advertised by Web Recruit Ltd. The services advertised by Web Recruit Ltd are those of an Employment Agency. Additional Keywords: Java Software Developer, ObjectOriented Design & Analysis, Software Developer, Java Developer, Java Web Developer, Web Developer, Web Application Developer, Java Programmer, Java Software Engineer. company pension, healthcare Salary: Up to ****
