Title: Build Release Engineer
Full Description: MCS Group is delighted to be working with one of the most vibrant software houses in Belfast on a diverse role where you will be involved in managing releases, configuration and continuous build integration. The ideal candidate is skilled at building and supporting enterpriseclass build and release automation systems in a professional software environment, and has a mature appreciation of the operational aspects of such an environment. This role is with a top class technology firm in Belfast, one of the only truly Lean software houses locally where you will be working closely with a talented team of a QA and Software developers. Some of the core responsibilities will include: •Taking personal responsibility for the functionality, availability, and reliability of our software build and release processes. •Developing/Integrating software tools that reliably manage our software source code assets and automate their deployment and configuration. •Setting up and maintaining build machines. •Automating and monitoring daily project development and nightly builds. •Automating deployment of builds on development and test servers. •Creating deployment tools for major/minor/patch releases for our infrastructure. •Troubleshooting issues with builds and compiler tools. The successful candidate will have experience as an Engineer in a Microsoft development environment and should have experience in release packaging and some continuous integration tools as well experience in configuration management tools. Of all the software development houses, I would rate this near the very top of the pile. There is a great buzz, teams are clearly enjoying their work and working closely with each other. The Lean methodology means that everyone knows what needs to be done and all work collectively to ensure that milestones are reached. There is a high standard in terms of quality but this creates a better sense of achievement among the team. It s a professional environment but there is room for letting your hair down too. Beer Friday s are a regular fixture, Pizza Friday s are on the calendar too. And there is regular incentives for new product ideas which help make this a great place to work. To speak in absolute confidence about this opportunity please contact Sean Devlin, Senior Consultant at MCS Group on **** **** **** or send an up to date CV via the link provided. MCS Group is a specialist consultancy focusing on IT Engineering careers. If this position is not right for you, we may have others that are. Please visit www.mcsgroup.jobs to view a wide selection of our current jobs. To discuss your specific career ambitions, please do not hesitate to contact us on **** **** **** or alternatively just send your details and we will get in touch. All conversations will be treated in the strictest of confidence. Also, please feel free to join our Facebook page at MCSGroupNI or you can follow us on Twitter MCSGroupBelfast for updates on the latest jobs and market information.
