Title: Graduate Software Developer
Full Description: Graduate Apprentices is a placement scheme run by Newcastle University. Graduate Apprentices offers an initial **** month introduction to a north east based organisation, which may lead to a permanent role. 93% of graduates from the ****00920****1 scheme were retained into permanent employment. The scheme is open to those who have graduated from a UK university within the last 3 years (i.e. 2010, 2011 or 2012 graduates). You must be either unemployed or not currently working in a graduate level position to be eligible. GPTeamNet is a young and growing company providing information management systems to GP practices and groups in the rapidly changing NHS. An important part of what we do is to work with teams and GP practices to help them get the system rolled out and to make best use of it after that. We have recently taken on more clients and now need to expand our small and expert team. This is an excellent opportunity for someone looking to gain software development experience and to take advantage of the opportunities offered by a small and growing company. As a developer in GPTeamNet, you will gain experience working on our core software as a service product as this develops and matures. The work includes, but is not restricted to, developing web applications, web application design and providing technical solutions to our client’s requirements. The predominant technologies are Microsoft based, including C and SQL in a web application environment. We are a close knit and committed team and this role offers significant scope for development and growth for the right candidate. As well as software development skills, successful candidates should be able to demonstrate a commitment to the quality of their work and a willingness to find solutions to both client and business problems. Benefits include: 25 days holiday plus bank holidays; pension contribution scheme; flexible working; casual dress; performancerelated bonus; occupational sick pay; childcare voucher scheme; highly flexible career development opportunities. Person Requirements: We look for candidates who are good team players, keen to learn, adaptable to working with different technologies and who have good communications skills. Degree Discipline: The successful candidate will have a relevant degree in computer science at 2:1 level or above. How to Apply: Click the apply button to apply online. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/GraduateSoftwareDeveloper_job****
