Title: Business Analyst (Software Development, Surrey)
Full Description: Job Description It s hard to differentiate between companies when looking to make your own career choice. Would a company that is changing the way people and organisations work and even think about work be that something that makes the difference? As a Business Analyst, you would be working on bespoke global applications that effect how this company individually operates in 95 countries. You will learn how this company can help startup as well as major global business and learn how you can influence that as well. The main remit is:  To work within the Business Analysis team to initiate, shape, design and deliver system solutions that meet the business needs.  To work closely with the business and support the Global Applications team to document, design and deliver cost effective and high quality systems within the required timescales.  Act as the central conduit between the business and the IT development team to ensure a common understanding of requirements, priorities experience as a Business Analyst  Solid understanding of Agile or SCRUM methodologies  Experience of working on system design and development  You must be a selfstarter, a quick learner and be able to work in a fast paced environment whilst retaining a high level of integrity.  Contain good problem solving skills and the ability to mitigate potential issues. Company Description: As the unrivaled global market leader in their industry, with extensive global growth plans being put in practice right now, they are looking to expand their UK based IT Business Systems division with career focused, IT staff within Business Analysis. Working on enterprise scale business systems, there are a number of new global application projects kicking off, so now is the perfect time to make that career move you have been considering. This is a great opportunity to work on state of the art global applications within a team of talented business analysts and software developers. If you would like more information including a full job specification and a chat about the position, please contact me, LaceyMarie Davis. This position is only open to UK/EU residents who have full rights to live and work in the UK
