Title: Systems Manager – Billing & CRM
Full Description: Truphone is a leading innovator in the mobile telecommunications industry, with a unique product offering. We are looking to recruit a Systems Manager – Billing CRM to lead the Billing and CRM Systems Team. The purpose of this role is to ensure that Build and Operate team responsible for Billing and CRM can drive forward a program of change and provide the support and maintenance necessary to deliver the Billing and CRM capability to the business. Truphone are established, going places and in an exciting stage of growth. It is a dynamic, busy, fun environment. Responsibilities:  Management of the Billing and CRM systems (including documentation)  Leading a team of administrators, engineers and software developers  Coordinating the development of new capabilities and configuration changes  Provide **** th line support function, meeting and exceeding defined OLAs  Manage the release of software and configuration changes to integration and production environments  Develops Billing CRM System strategies and related implementation budgets  Responsible for the daytoday processes to support the effective operation of all Billing and CRM systems  Operational support of the Billing CRM systems. **** th line triage of issues.  Provide maintenance fixes on a schedule to meet defined OLAs and customer SLAs  Customizes Billing CRM systems in accordance with process derived specifications and established priorities. Understand and maintain the interfaces between Billing CRM to other systems in the enterprise.  Plans and schedules Billing CRM roll outs, releases and upgrades in coordination with the PMO  Plan and schedule product configuration and tariff changes  Stays abreast of Billing CRM solutions and development in the industry. Attends relevant trade shows and events Skills Required: The successful applicant should have a proven track record in managing Business Critical business critical enterprise applications and have most of the following skills attributes:  Experience of Billing CRM systems with specific reference to salesforce.com and Cerillion  Management of IT Systems strategy and development  Enterprise IT systems support, maintenance and deployment  Proven ability to lead a team balancing support, daytoday operation and ongoing change programs across a complex enterprise systems stack  Practical experience of running configuration management across a range of systems  Management and practical experience of across the full software development life cycle  Excellent communication and collaboration skills  Willingness to learn about new technologies or methods This is an outstanding career opening for the right candidate. You will gain fantastic experience working in a fastgrowing and rapidchange business. Salary according to experience in the ****k****k range. Based – City of London . Please email your CV to our retained consultants: truphonehowepure.com . Truphone is an equal opportunities employer and welcomes all talented applicants to apply. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/SystemsManagerBillingCRM_job****
