Title: Software Developer
Full Description: Graduate software developer required to join an industry leading organisation. You will be joining the organisation at an exciting time of unprecedented growth, and will form an integral part of a brand new team based in Manchester. Key Skills and Background  We are looking for candidates with experience of software development using Microsoft .NET (C) and Microsoft SQL Server with some exposure or knowledge of Java  OR commercial experience of software development using Java (J****EE) and Oracle with some exposure or knowledge of Microsoft .NET technologies.  A strong Computer Science degree or other science degree and first class development/delivery experience is a must for this role  Good database knowledge and SQL skills (on either Microsoft SQL Server or Oracle)  The ability to multitask and to the flexibility to adapt to a wide range of technologies  Exceptional problem solving skills  The ability to work autonomously with minimal direction  Strong interpersonal skills and the ability to work as part of a team About the Role You will be responsible for providing bespoke software solutions to major blue chip clients. You will have exposure to the latest cutting edge technology and will have the opportunity to work on a wide variety of exciting and diverse projects. You will be part of a brand new team in Manchester and will have unparalleled opportunities for career progression and development. About the Company Our client has a fantastic reputation and an extremely loyal, longstanding client base. Their approach is strongly focused on delivery and on providing solutions to complex and demanding problems. You will need to be flexible and adaptable and able to work on diverse projects to fit the needs of the business. In turn you will be rewarded with an exceptional working environment and outstanding opportunities for career progression. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/SoftwareDeveloper_job****
