Title: Graduate IT Software Developer (C/ASPNET)
Full Description: Graduate IT Software Developer Skills: .NET, Java, ASP.NET, VB.NET, VB, C++, SQL Server (or RDBMS) Location: Warrington, Cheshire Salary: **** to **** per annum This newly created opportunity will see you join our industry leading client as a Graduate Software Developer (.NET/C/Java); joining them at an exciting time of unprecedented growth as a result of project renewals and new business wins. Candidates will ideally with a successful industrial placement under your belt during University or between **** and 18 months experience postgraduation. Key Skills: Software development experience using Microsoft .NET (C) and Microsoft SQL Server with some exposure or knowledge of Java OR commercial experience of software development using Java (J****EE) and Oracle with some exposure or knowledge of Microsoft .NET technologies Candidates must possess a strong level of education with a degree in Computer Science, Information Systems or a similar IT based degree Database knowledge and SQL skills (on either Microsoft SQL Server or Oracle) The ability to multitask and to the flexibility to adapt to a wide range of technologies Strong interpersonal skills and the ability to work as part of a team The Role: You will be responsible for providing bespoke software solutions to major blue chip clients. You will have exposure to the latest cutting edge technology and will have the opportunity to work on a wide variety of exciting and diverse projects. You will be part of a brand new team in Manchester and will have unparalleled opportunities for career progression and development. The Company: Our client has a fantastic reputation and an extremely loyal, longstanding client base. Their approach is strongly focused on delivery and on providing solutions to complex and demanding problems. You will need to be flexible and adaptable and able to work on diverse projects to fit the needs of the business. In turn you will be rewarded with an exceptional working environment and outstanding opportunities for career progression. Our client is committed to providing the very best environments in which to develop your career and will sponsor any relevant training courses and industry recognised exams and courses that will help you develop you both personally and professionally. Based in Warrington, Cheshire, this is a first class opportunity to join a genuine industry leader initially working as a Graduate Software Developer; please call Ruth Maskrey or email me your very latest CV to hear more about this great new opportunity
