Title: PHP Web Developer / MySQL, MSSQL  Nottingham
Full Description: PHP Web Developer / MySQL, MSSQL  Nottingham PHP Developer, PHP Programmer, Web Developer, PHP, MySQL, MSSQL, HTML, CSS, XML, JavaScript, East Midlands, Nottinghamshire, Nottingham. A fantastic opportunity to join a growing team of likeminded individuals having fun and working hard, delivering innovative webbased solutions for several of the largest companies in the world. You will need to be passionate and committed about what you do, and have an organised approach to your work, and in return we will teach what it takes to make some of the major companies in the world delighted with your work. Role Description:  To provide a range of services from scoping, estimating, delivering, testing and supporting web applications written in PHP with either MySQL or MSSQL. Technical Requirements:  2 Years proven, commercial experience in PHP.  2 Years proven experience working with relational databases such as MySQL MSSQL.  Proven experience of technologies such as HTML, CSS, XML and JavaScript.  Understanding of crossbrowser compatibility issues between IE**** Chrome and Firefox. Preferred Technical Experience (but not essential)  Experience of designing visual elements of websites.  Experience of working with Code Igniter or similar frameworks.  Experience of developing with JavaScript frameworks, in particular, MooTools.  Experience of RightNow CX.  Experience with web services (e.g. SOAP). Personal Requirements  Personable and able to represent yourself professionally in front of the client.  Strong problem solving skills.  An organised approach to your work and good attention to detail. Location: This role will be based in Nottingham and may require international travel to Europe and the USA. Salary: ****  **** Celebrating 25 years of successful recruitment within IT, Technical and Engineering disciplines, our highly experienced team of specialist consultants offer professional and transparent services to match the individual needs of both clients and candidates. We recruit Permanent and Contract Development, Architect, Technical Team Lead, Senior Developer, Principal Software Engineer, Software Developer, Software Engineer, Analyst Programmer, Junior Developer, Junior Software Engineer, PHP, C, .net, ASP.net, VB.net, SQL Server jobs across the East Midlands, South Yorkshire, Derbyshire, Nottinghamshire, Derby and Nottingham areas. Please feel free to browse our latest opportunities and may we wish you every success in your search for the ideal role .
