Title: Software Developer ****k Digital Company
Full Description: Software Developer ****k Digital Company JOB PROFILE A dedicated and innovative organisation offering digital, data postproduction and distribution services to the feature film industry from the heart of London. You will be developing software on the ASP.NET platform helping to build a brand new Framework. You will help to develop an exciting range of portals, data management tools and mobile applications. There may also be opportunities to work with some of the world s largest movie studios. You should have at least 3 years commercial experience developing web and windows applications. You will be working with both internal and external teams and should have good communication skills. We run a truly collaborative SCRUM based environment where communication and commercial awareness are key; as such this is a role for somebody seeking more than a typical development job, and one that can offer a genuinely dynamic and varied career opportunity. Such development will make full use of available technologies such as ASP/ASP.NET V**** VB/VB.NET, HTML, WCF, Entity Framework, Nunit and SQL Server 2008R2 to create completely new applications or enhance the functionality of existing ones. The role will also involve product testing and ongoing maintenance/ support post deployment. In return we can offer you a varied and rewarding role, pleasant working environment and the chance to further develop your skills through ongoing training and support. MAIN RESPONSIBILITIES Analysing and understanding workflows in working environments Researching, designing, writing and testing new software programs to specifications agreed with the Software Engineering Manager and project Stakeholders. Developing existing systems by analysing and identifying areas for modification Roll out of applications Provide application support  maintaining systems by monitoring, identifying and correcting software defects. Document all software faults and their resolution Working on systems glue to help automate processes Regularly updating technical knowledge to keep aware of latest software trends and solutions Problemsolving and thinking laterally as part of a team, or individually, to meet the needs of the project Creating technical specifications before carrying out development and associated test plans Maintaining user guides Carrying out all the above within the Software Engineering department s development life cycle framework, adhering to Source Control and testing policies Key Skills 3 Years experience in a Development Environment 3 Years ASP.Net 2.0/****/4.0 onwards 3 Years C and VB.NET 2 Years HTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery, Ajax, XML 2  Years SQL Server (**** **** 2008r2)  Including Stored Procedures and TSQL (MSSQL) Source Control Methodology (pref. SVN/CVS, TFS) Scrum, Agile, Waterfall Desirable Skills Python Perl Flash / Flex 3rd Party Controls (e.g. Telerik) Entity Framework or other ORM methodology SSIS, SSRS, SSAS Crystal Reports or other reporting tools 
