Title: Software Developer (Delphi) (Graduate)
Full Description: Title: Software Developer (Delphi) (Graduate) Location: Yeadon, Leeds, West Yorkshire Salary: **** to **** depending on level of experience Key skills: Software Developer, Developer, Software Engineer, C, .Net, SQL, Delphi We are looking to recruit a talented and motivated Software Developer to work in a dynamic development environment, delivering cutting edge Healthcare I.T. solutions to the Ministry of Defence, National Health Service and other organisations worldwide. The successful candidate will come into the team at a level commensurate with their experience working in an exciting and progressive development environment, towards a common goal of making a difference in the world of healthcare.Commercial experience in development is highly desirable but not essential, if you are a fresh graduate who has had exposure to the development tools listed below, please submit your application. Key skills / experience Ideally candidates should have experience using Delphi and/or C with SQL, preferably within a commercial environment. Application of high standards to all programming work and documentation. Use of initiative and ability to work under time pressures to meet deadlines. Good problem solving and defect resolution skills. Excellent communication and interpersonal skills. Educated to degree level in a computing discipline Desirable skills (nonessential) Experience of source code management tools and processes. Exposure to healthcare I.T. systems. Knowledge of XML and HL**** standards. Willingness to suggest technical improvements within developed software applications. Exposure to Agile development methodologies. Object oriented development skills preferably within a multitier architecture. The successful candidate will need to be security cleared by EMIS for this role What we give you Share incentive plan Pension scheme (starting 2013) Excellent holiday entitlement (rising over time) Child Care Vouchers Free eye tests Gym discounts Discounts on Citroen cars The chance to help improve the health of the nation This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/SoftwareDeveloperDelphiGraduate_job****
