Title: Senior UI Developer
Full Description: Senior UI Developer 6 months Contract  Dublin City Centre  Start ASAP  **** Euros per day all inclusive Skills: UI, User Interface, software development, javascript, css, html, Ajax, jQuery, jQuery UI Senior UI Developer 6 months Contract  Dublin City Centre  Start ASAP  **** Euros per day all inclusive Skills: UI, User Interface, software development, javascript, css, html, Ajax, jQuery, jQuery UI DESCRIPTION We require a Senior UI Developer, for a key role in the design and development of our newest learning management platform. This is a greenfield development project using the latest versions of many JavaScript and CSS libraries. This is a key development role requiring very strong technical and communications skills. The Senior UI Developer will be responsible for design and development of key components of the system, collaborating with a team of business analysts, graphic designers and external developers. This is a hands on development role and requires a strong software development background. Very strong JavaScript and CSS skills are essential, with an emphasis on Ajax development and use of JavaScript frameworks such as Backbone, jQuery and jQuery UI. Experience of the eLearning sector would be an advantage. Exposure to and knowledge of automated UI testing techniques and interfacing with a QA department as part of any major software development project is expected. The Senior UI Developer position will report directly to the Engineering Lead and is located in our Dublin office. SKILLS & EXPERIENCE ESSENTIAL &x2022 Experienced software developer with broad understanding of all aspects of software development. &x2022 Experience of agile development processes. &x2022 Ability to influence technical discussions and provide technical leadership. &x2022 Ability to anticipate problems and take decisive action, giving regard to the impact on other project teams, development partners and stakeholders. &x2022 Ideal candidate will have 5 years&x2019 hands on industry experience in UI development roles. &x2022 Very strong JavaScript, JSON and use of JavaScript frameworks such as jQuery, jQuery UI and Backbone. &x2022 Very strong HTML and CSS skills. &x2022 Very strong Ajax experience. &x2022 Must be experienced in object based JavaScript and have worked on single page web applications in the past. &x2022 Experience in building a library of reusable UI widgets. &x2022 Experience of UI Unit Testing frameworks such as QUnit and TestSwarm. &x2022 Experience in developing web applications for cross browser, internationalisation and accessibility. &x2022 Experience in developing websites that can be used on mobile devices. &x2022 Experience of RESTful services. DESIRABLE &x2022 Knowledge of oData &x2022 Experience in development of online educational systems is highly desired If interested and available for this role, please forward me your updated CV: samson.olagbamisecrecruitment.com
