Title: IT Graduate, Finance, Trading, Online, Development
Full Description: IT Graduate, Finance, Trading, Online, Development My client is a financial software company who specialising in creating cutting edge web based Trading Software, and they have exciting opportunities for IT graduates to join their growing team in London. Joining the company s wide ranging Graduate Programme, the successful candidate will gain exposure to cutting edge software and systems. This is not a straight up graduate developer position. The successful candidate will join a rotation scheme and will spend 36 months doing each of the following: o Working in the Development team as a software engineer o Working in the QA team as a Software Developer in Test o Working in the Support team as a technical (ie code level) support engineer o Working as a highly client facing technical consultant After the rotation has finished, a joint decision between the candidate and management will taken on where they will work permanently  this will be based on their aptitude in a particular role as well as their preference. This organisation look for more than just bright candidates. They want people that are passionate about IT and can demonstrate this by more than just their degree  they will be looking for people that have worked across their own projects, built their own websites and have gone out and got themselves a little bit of relevant work experience. Required:  A degree in a Computer Science related discipline, with at least a ****  An understanding of software development techniques  Experience of using Java, C++ or C  A knowledge of web development tools such as JavaScript, HTML and CSS  Excellent communication and interpersonal skills as well as a proven ability to learn quickly. This is an opportunity for the right candidate to kick start their career in IT, working for a highly regarded software company, known as pioneers in their field, which offers strong career prospects and a competitive benefits package. If you feel you meet these requirements and would like to find out more about this role please send a copy of your CV or call on **** **** **** for more information. Your application will be held in strict confidence and your CV will not be forwarded on with a prior detailed conversation about the role and company and your express permission. Allegis Group Limited and Aston Carter Limited operate Employment Businesses and Agencies and are companies within the Allegis Group Inc. group of companies, the fourth largest staffing company in the world, (collectively referred to as the Allegis Group ). TEKsystems and Aerotek are divisions of Allegis Group Limited. Applicant data will be treated in accordance with the Allegis Group s Privacy Notice http://www.allegisgroup.com/Privacy/Default.aspx). By submitting personal data to any company or division within the Allegis Group, the applicant is providing explicit consent to the use of such data by the Allegis Group and to the transfer of such data to and from the Allegis Group companies within the UK, Europe and outside the European Economic Area in connection with the fulfilment of the applicant s voluntary requests, and the fulfilment of other job opportunities that match the applicant s profile, and confirms that they may be contacted about such job opportunities. 
