Title: Java Developer, prestigious Online Gaming firm, London
Full Description: Java Developer, Prestigious Online Gaming firm, London Key Skills: Java core development, Serverside Enterprise Java, J****EE, Spring, XML, Maven, Linux. Agile methodologies, TDD, full lifecycle understanding. My Client is a cuttingedge gaming company who have won multiple awards and have built a work culture that is envied across the sector. Based in the Heart of London, the company offers one of the most exciting offices in Ecommerce I.T with a floor dedicated to fun, with games consoles, dart board, pool table and much more. You will need to be a handson Java Developer, who has experience of working in an agile team, core java development and serverside enterprise java skill sets. Furthermore, knowledge of spring, XML and database development would aid any application. All candidates will need to be degree educated while work on highvolume game websites would aid any application. The roles gives you the opportunities to oversee the execution of software developer , from concept to testing using the latest technologies on some of most cutting edge and popular games. The company offers one of the best packages on the market today. This includes a highly competitive base salary with two bonus s a year. Moreover, the culture of the firm sets it apart, they have created a relaxed, fun and diverse environment offering company shares, subsided gym membership and fun days to all employee s If you are interested and want to know more contact me via email at or alternatively call me direct on **** **** **** Regards, Lewis Allegis Group Limited and Aston Carter Limited operate Employment Businesses and Agencies and are companies within the Allegis Group Inc. group of companies, the fourth largest staffing company in the world, (collectively referred to as the Allegis Group ). TEKsystems and Aerotek are divisions of Allegis Group Limited. Applicant data will be treated in accordance with the Allegis Group s Privacy Notice http://www.allegisgroup.com/Privacy/Default.aspx). By submitting personal data to any company or division within the Allegis Group, the applicant is providing explicit consent to the use of such data by the Allegis Group and to the transfer of such data to and from the Allegis Group companies within the UK, Europe and outside the European Economic Area in connection with the fulfilment of the applicant s voluntary requests, and the fulfilment of other job opportunities that match the applicant s profile, and confirms that they may be contacted about such job opportunities. 
