Title: Graduate C++ Software Developer
Full Description: Starting Salary **** First Year With Competitive Bonus and Benefits Package My client, a top tier Start Up based in Fleet Hampshire are doing extremely well in terms of profit and have the budget to bring on a strong C++ Graduate Developer. They are looking for someone who has a real flare and passion for technology and has been involved in C++ projects. The company are famous for working on software used by millions worldwide and you as a vital member of the team, are able to choose your own domain of specialisation. They offer perks such as Free Lunch either in or out of the office as well as free drinks and coffee throughout the day. The company covers a diverse selection of software development domains, focusing on open source software tools used by millions of users worldwide, indiestyle video game development, and web application development. You will handpick your own area of specialisation in any of these domains. On top of this, as a graduate, you will receive an exceptional level of handson C++ training and mentoring. You will be given a 20% window every day to work on personal projects that interest you and you will also have the option to look into stock and share options. Perks and benefits consist of Stock Options, Private Health and Dental and Priority Medical Treatment as well as a Personal Pension Contribution option to suit you. Training courses are also offered and are optional and language specific (C++ etc.) My client have a fantastic work ethic and believe work should be fun and interesting. Despite the size, the company share the same attitude towards work as many blue chip companies. Job Responsibilities: Write code for your chosen area of expertise (video games, open source software, or web development) Contribute to the design, development and architecture of new software products Maintain existing software by fixing bugs and adding new features Job Requirements A strong understanding of the C++ programming language. University education, with a relevant degree in Software Engineering or Computer Science. Experience with Java, LUA, Python, or PHP will be beneficial, though this depends on your chosen area of expertise. Programming experience on all of the major platforms (Windows, Mac OS X and Linux) would be beneficial, though you should still apply if you only have experience with one. Should this role strike interest, please send across your CV to (see below)
