Title: Business Analyst
Full Description: Business Analyst  salary up to ****k Purpose Provision of Business Consultancy and Analysis Services to our customer base Analysis of Customer Requirements and the translation of these into functional specifications for the customer and design specifications for the software developers Support of Project Development resources in the understanding of Customer Business needs Working closely with internal test team particularly in relation to the creation of Business Test Scenarios Working closely with client, managing their expectations during all stages of the project lifecycle Business Analysis support to our sales team. Drive Deliver small to medium sized specialist assignments that are aimed at achieving business benefit and potentially evolving into new or extended projects for ICS. Key Responsibilities You will work as part of a project team in the delivery and ongoing maintenance of Enterprise solutions to a wide and varied customer base. You will be assigned specific responsibilities typically including, but not limited to: Extraction of customer requirements via workshops, interviews and other methods. Analysis and documentation of customer requirements. Production of Functional Specifications and Design documents Assist in the production and verification of Test Scripts for the QA stage of software delivery Provide Development Team with assistance in understanding customer requirements and both functional and nonfunctional Assist Project Manager / Team Leader with estimation, creation of development tasks and allocation of work to development team Support Development Team in Delivery with Playbacks and Showcases. Resolve client issues working at both process and technical level suggesting relevant approaches. Assist presales activities as required, including production of proposals. Skills and experience ****  **** yrs experience in business analysis /consultancy or related work in a software development environment Experience of working to project plans and handling change controls. Sound communication skills including ability to deliver presentations using structure style appropriate to audience. Good commercial awareness and sound understanding of project and business dynamics. Ability to work to tight deadlines and make sensible decisions under pressure taking a balanced view of client demands and Equiniti ICS commercials. Capable of effective prioritisation of tasks and personal time management, while recognising and flagging issues outside area of own expertise. Hays Specialist Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T C s, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found at hays.co.uk
