Title: Software Interface Engineer
Full Description: Interface Software Engineer Strong SQL, Jscript, .NET, VB Script programming knowledge. Interface Software Engineer Job Purpose Supporting LIMS software development and project implementation, especially in the development of interfaces to laboratory instruments and information systems: including the creation and management of business rules, and customer workflows and data management. PAS, HL**** or PMIP experience would be advantageous. Interface Software Engineer Main Accountabilities Collaborate with the Chief Product Architect to engineer customer driven solutions and to meet the market requirements. Execute software development life cycle activities from software requirements design and implementation through testing and documentation while maintaining compliance to the development plans and practices. Uphold coding and documentation standards for project and/or product and manage deliverables for area of responsibility. Use appropriate protocols (ASTM, HL**** web services, file exchange) for interfacing to external systems and laboratory analyzers. Works with LIMS driver team to develop new drivers and to test existing drivers in customer environments. Define installation, upgrade, configuration, data migration, and operating procedures for complex and multiple systems and support training and coaching of personnel on these practices. Understand business impact of supported systems, establish and maintain technical support service levels and ensure that they are being met on a regular basis. Understand and apply the use of database monitoring and querying tools. Configure LIMS software and configure LIMS core product to address customer functional and workflow requirement. Coordinate with Project Manager and vertical product team to investigate alternatives to maximize the leverage of the out of the box capabilities and to provide timely feedback on product defects and product enhancement opportunities. Able to discuss complex issues with the customers and make decisions on project issues. Prepare and deliver prototype demos as functionality is configured and document and adjust based on customer feedback. Interface Software Engineer ideal background B.Sc in Computer Science or similar discipline including Software Engineering Electrical Engineering or Biomedical Engineering, or demonstrable practical experience in these subjects. Demonstrable understanding of typical laboratory workflows in the chemical, Pathology, or environmental industries. Ability to plan and schedule own work activities and coordinate activities with other software engineers. A wide degree of creativity and initiative is expected. Excellent communication skills, both verbal and written. Well organised, results orientated team player capable of working under a minimum of supervision. Willingness to travel (mainly within Europe and the UK, but possibly elsewhere). Strong SQL, Jscript, .NET, VB Script programming knowledge. Knowledge/Experience with Oracle client and Microsoft SQLServer (configuration/ troubleshooting multiple application connections from Oracle/MS workstation clients to various Oracle/MS databases). Experience of working to a formal software development life cycle Knowledge of Laboratory Information Management Systems and laboratory operations. Experience of System and Application Monitoring: Development of automated monitoring and support processes and procedures. Excellent analytical and communication skills and sound judgment, together with the ability to work effectively with Business Analysts, Software Developers and customers. What's in it for me? Benefits: **** to **** depending on experience plus exceptional benefits Training Full training package will be available This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SoftwareInterfaceEngineer_job****
