Title: SENIOR SOFTWARE DEVELOPER  NET C
Full Description: Senior C Developer Company; US owned Technology business. Major software development projects are being movd from the US to their Belfast R D centre. This is a really great time to join a makor technology company Role Overview: You will get full exposure to the software development lifecycle  including requirements gathering, design, software development through to deployment and warranty. You will be working as part of multiple project teams simultaneously, each with their challenges and opportunities. Your primary focus will be on design and build. Personality They Need is your personal ambition and drive to work in an agile development environment, delivering first time for our customers and adding value throughout the project lifecycle. Your technical excellence and agility will allow you to move seamlessly between project developments, maintenance and production support. You should have a strong technical background, grounded in large scale projects; passionate about technology and keeping up to date within the IT sector. Key Responsibilities; Design and develop cuttingedge software solutions, developed in C .Net with SQL as the back end data store. Ensure all deliverables for projects are completed on time, to budget and within quality standards. Assist the project manager in production of estimates for development activity. Work with the business and data analysts to drive the requirements forward. Provide support and consultancy across all test phases of the project. Participation in planning of software release, their execution and postrelease activities. Assist with maintenance and production support. Support colleagues through advice and technical assistance. Your Background; Candidates should have a degree in IT or related subject and at least 5 years recent relevant experience in .NET software development within a commercial environment of which 2 years have been at senior development level Technically excellent in C, ASP.NET, MVC, web development using Visual Studio, you also have strong working knowledge of SQL Server and TFS. Experience of full software lifecycle and different methodologies. Knowledge of design patterns and practices. You should have strong time management skills and the ability and drive to meet deadlines. You will be an excellent team player, but also capable of working independently, showing ownership and commitment to the success of the team. To discuss this great opportunity call Kevin curran in Cpl on **** **** or simply upload your CV.
