Title: Net Developers  several levels through to Senior / Principal
Full Description: Microsoft .Net Developers  several levels of role available We are currently recruiting Microsoft .Net Developers for a leading client in Leeds. Due to continued growth and with the company's future expansion plans, now is the ideal time to launch your career with a company prepared to invest in you. The role of a Software Developer is to design, implement and test software code, exploiting leading software development tools. With high quality and delivery standards, the Software Developer must consistently deliver quality code on time and within estimate. Working within a development team from given software specifications, the Software Developer must be skilled in team collaboration, technical discussion and negotiation. Software Developer Designs, codes, tests, corrects, and documents moderately complex programs and program modifications from supplied specifications, using agreed standards and tools. Conducts reviews of supplied specifications, with others as appropriate.  Provides accurate estimates of development effort needed to design, code and test software from given specifications.  Overcomes development obstacles to deliver quality code on time  Has high quality standards demonstrated through delivery of thorough unit testing of code.  Collaborates and negotiates with team members to produce a seamless integration of code into the solution.  Logically analyses code defects and produces timely code fixes.  Development frameworks such as CMMI, ISO, Agile, RUP  Use of code management tools such as Perforce  Use of defect management tools such as Jira  Ability to produce innovative solutions to problems  Excellent team working (good collaboration and negotiation skills)  Ability to focus on completing tasks productively Essential/Highly Desirable C .NET SQL Server Windows Presentation Foundation and WinForms Windows Communication Foundation Distributed systems / middleware / multithreaded experience Plandriven and Agile development methodologies preferred ASP.Net / MVC Please call or send your CV for further details. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/NetDevelopersseverallevelsthroughtoSeniorPrincipal_job****
