Title: Senior UI Developer
Full Description: Senior UI Developer Dublin 6 Months ****pd (DOE) Role Description We require a Senior UI Developer, for a key role in the design and development of our newest management platform. This is a development project using the latest versions of many JavaScript and CSS libraries. This is a key development role requiring very strong technical and communications skills. The Senior UI Developer will be responsible for design and development of key components of the system, collaborating with a team of business analysts, graphic designers and external developers. The Senior UI Developer position will report directly to the Engineering Lead and is located in our Dublin office. Due to project needs and timescales only Ireland based candidates will be considered. SKILLS Experienced software developer with broad understanding of all aspects of software development. Experience of agile development processes. Ability to influence technical discussions and provide technical leadership. Ideal candidate will have 5 years hands on industry experience in UI development roles. Very strong JavaScript, JSON and use of JavaScript frameworks such as jQuery, jQuery UI and Backbone. Very strong HTML and CSS skills. Very strong Ajax experience. Must be experienced in object based JavaScript and have worked on single page web applications in the past. Experience in building a library of reusable UI widgets. Experience of UI Unit Testing frameworks such as QUnit and TestSwarm. Experience in developing web applications for cross browser, internationalisation and accessibility. Experience in developing websites that can be used on mobile devices. Experience of RESTful services. Knowledge of oData For more information about this project and position please contact Elisabetta Trogu at Triad. Due to project needs and timescales only Ireland based candidates will be considered. For temporary contract vacancies Triad Resourcing acts as an Employment Business and for permanent vacancies Triad Resourcing acts as an Employment Agency. Triad is an equal opportunities employer and encourages applications from suitably qualified candidates regardless of sex, race, disability, age, sexual orientation, gender reassignment, religion or belief. Triad Resourcing is part of Triad Group Plc
