Title: Software Tester with Agile and Ruby experience
Full Description: We have a great opportunity for a Software Tester with an exciting company that is revolutionising the way we shop online. Our client is a well funded young company who is regarded as one of the UK's fastest growing startups. Their inventive and elegant solutions are already live with a number of high profile retailers, making a real difference to their customer's online shopping and delivery experience. As they continue to expand an excellent opportunity has been created for an enthusiastic Software Tester with experience across both Agile and Ruby . Our client's management team are keen to meet Software testers who share their enthusiasm for the Agile development process and who also have sound Ruby software testing experience. This is definitely NOT your standard Tester role You will be instrumental across the full software project life cycle, ranging from feeding your thoughts into the product development process, through to developing your test scripts and devising strategies for performance testing, system loading and security resilience. You will be working closely with your colleagues across the company structure, including product managers, business stakeholders and software developers  all within a 'flat' management structure that fully embraces the value of Agile development practices. This is an excellent opportunity to join a small, exciting and successful business that is making some major waves. Your basic salary will be up to **** plus benefits that include an attractive equity share scheme. So if you are an experienced Agile/Ruby software tester looking to be fully involved in the complete life cycle of your next project, then we should really talk further To find out more, please contact John Davies or Ray Ellis to discuss the superb opportunity in more detail. We look forward to hearing from you. James Rushmore Ltd is directed by two senior project managers from the IT Industry, John Davies and Ray Ellis. They have specialised in recruitment in the SAP and Web Development sectors since **** and have built an enviable reputation for their ethics, professionalism and knowledge. We believe a career is a precious and valued item, giving us all direction, purpose and identity. A meaningful career fulfils a deep seated need in all of us to exercise our skills and demonstrate our prowess. We exercise our skills to help you realise your true potential.
