Title: Lead Software Developer
Full Description: You ll inspire an agile product team to deliver web solutions that will make sure we not only lead  but ultimately redefine  the online comparison market. The team of Engineers you head up won t just deliver projects  they ll produce a pipeline of continuous improvement that drives forward worldclass technical excellence throughout compare the market .com. Of course, you ll develop and support enterprise scale applications for the web and, in this agile environment, work collaboratively with a wide range of contacts from Project Managers to Product Owners to drive the business forward. In addition, your role goes much further than this. You ll mentor and develop your team, championing new thinking at every turn. Whether you re presenting the results of your innovation research, setting quality benchmarks or supporting the Technical Forum to identify opportunities that will put us ahead of the market, you ll make sure we re breaking new ground. The skills you ll need You ve already proven you can lead a team of Developers to great things  not least because of your obvious passion for technology. You won t just have experience of working in an agile environment (ideally using XP)  you ll be a champion of this way of operating. You re also experienced in using (and defining) automated tests that cover everything from load to security and performance. Above all, you have that rare combination of passion for technology and commercial acumen that will really set you apart. You ll also need to have a good working knowledge of a number of the following: HTML4 HTML5, CSS, JavaScript/JQuery, XML, SQL, web technologies including (HTTP, SOA, Ajax, WCF) and C, .NET or a transferable OO language. Click on the attached document for more information on this role. If you are interested in applying for this role please click the Apply button now and remember to include something that tells us about you by attaching your CV or including a link to your LinkedIn profile.
