Title: ASPnet C Developer (Senior)
Full Description: N/A C Developer (Senior)  Are you a strong Software Developer in ASP.NET C? Be a part of a highly successful and ambitious company that is passionate about both technology and eCommerce. You will be working with latest technologies, such as MVC, within a toplevel Agile (SCRUM) environment. You will need competent programming skills in ASP.NET C, and preferably previous experience with MVC. The development team offer a vibrant and stimulating work experience, and encourage one another to introduce both fresh initiative and technologies. This is a fantastic opportunity to adopt an active role in setting and following the company's technical direction, with particular regard to platform, infrastructure, application and methodology. The development team predominantly use C with Visual Studio 2010 and SQL Server, with MVC and nHibernate. Some legacy VB.NET, Linux and MySQL are used for a handful of peripheral applications. They are looking for an individual to promote further acceptance and use of Agile, Open Source, and 'clever' technology, including AJAX and social networking. They are looking to recruit a talented and passionate developer to engage with the company's ambitious plans and vibrant working environment. You will be developing and managing relationships and networking with external parties, such as vendors, suppliers and industry peers, to drive the company towards an eversuccessful future. This is an exciting opportunity for a selfmotivated individual to put their mark on a high quality application in a leading ecommerce business. The ideal candidate will possess experience in:  Agile software development methodology (XP, Scrum etc.)  Other objectorientated design patterns in additional to MVC.  AJAX and Web **** technologies.  .NET **** or newer and best practice tools, such as nHibernate.  RDBMS (SQL Server, Oracle, MySQL)  Design and build of ecommerce systems.  Other development languages, like Java, Ruby, Python etc.  Bonus points for Linux, Open Source contribution, ecommerce subsystems (ERP, WMS ,BI etc.) Attitude is very important You will need to be passionate about improving existing applications and developing new systems using the latest technologies. Salary c****K  extensive staff discounts, 25 days leave, season ticket loan, staff canteen and life assurance. To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK Matchtech is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy.
