Title: Software Developers (Cloud/Agile)
Full Description: You will be part of the team building new innovative Cloud applications for injixo s product range, ensuring the functionality of our products meets the needs of our clients and generates competitive advantage. We work in an Agile environment with task focused teams, using the latest web technologies. The role will require a technically oriented, creative and motivated individual who has a keen understanding of business processes and software development within complex business software. The ideal candidate will have a solid commercial programming experience (Degree or equivalent) with experience of creating enterprise level Web based software products. You must have strong analytical, communication and interpersonal skills. A solid understanding of Agile software development principles would be a distinct advantage. Required Skills/Qualifications Strong educational focus on software development (particularly programming) with a relevant third level qualification or equivalent experience. Experience of scalable web development (HTML **** CSS3, Javascript, MVC) and object oriented programming. Experience of relational databases and SQL. Excellent communication and presentation skills. Experience of Ruby on Rails development would be highly desirable. If you are interested please forward your Curriculum Vitae, including your salary expectations and earliest possible starting date to: stephen.williamsinjixo.com. We would consider a graduate application with a relevant degree for this role. The closing date for applications is Friday 22nd February 2013. About injixo Ltd. A member of the InVision Group, injixo offers customers a cloud platform workforce management solution, which is complemented with an industry specific learning management system and a professional networking community. The InVision Group established an R D Centre in Northern Ireland in **** Since then the centre has rapidly grown and now plays a strategic role in providing premium software product development services. Other members of the InVision Group include The Call Center School, Core Practice and InVision WFM. InVision AG (IVX) is listed in the Prime Standard Segment of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange.
