Title: Business Systems Analyst
Full Description: The Business Systems Analyst position involves: Translating business requirements into functional/technical requirements by writing detailed specifications and supervise and collaborate with the offshore vendor's onsite and offshore teams and provide direction.  Participate in Agile daily scrum calls and develop user stories and acceptance test criteria.  Review technical design and code and provide solutions and directions.  Responsible to Quality Assurance and Testing Processes like functional testing, load and performance testing, regression testing and successful and timely implementation in production.  Assist with Data Conversion and Cleanup Activities.  Responsible for researching customer incidents and providing solutions.  Incident/ Change/Release Management. Who we re looking for The main requirements for the Business Systems Analyst role are:  Strong combined experience as a business analyst, software developer with involvement in development and integration of large dataoriented applications and interfaces required.  Previous experience as a business analyst, data architect or software developer on Oracle or other databases is strongly preferred.  Strong SQL skills with ability to write complex queries is a key requirement.  Although this position does not require active coding, however it does require someone who is comfortable doing Oracle PL/SQL code review to ensure offshore development team is developing technical solutions that meet the business requirements and maintain integrity of business rules.  Should have some knowledge of SQL, PL/SQL, Appworx and some basic Unix shell scripting and must be comfortable working with database tables, relationships, SQL Queries, PL/SQL procedures and functions.  Experience with systems design and development from business requirements analysis through to daytoday management.  Must have strong verbal and written communication skills. About our client My client is the market leader in the Media sector. Current business acquisitions has led to an opening for a Business Systems Analyst to join their truly global team. What s on offer **** to **** per annum.
