Title: Senior Software Developer (C / Net / SQL Server)
Full Description: Harvey Nash s client is currently looking for a high skilled Developer / Programmer (.Net, C and SQL Server skills) to join their team in Glasgow City Centre offices on a permanent basis. The successful candidate will work on a variety of internal and client facing projects, across the entire SDLC. Varying from Mobile, Cloud, FrontEnd and BackEnd Development projects. The role: You will be developing new and maintain existing applications, including design, coding, testing, and implementation within an agile development framework for all of their projects, Working on both small and larger development projects (including multisite development teams) focussed on financial modelling applications. The ideal Developer / Programmer: Producing and promoting highquality C code and SQL Server logic for browserbased, desktop based and serviceoriented applications and frameworks. Building an interest in and experience of F code Skilled in writing automated tests Gathering requirements Producing functional, technical and design documentation where necessary. Keeping abreast of the latest tools, techniques and best practice in software engineering. The ideal Technical Skills: Ideally hold a degree in computer science or a related subject. Hands on experience with as many as possible of the following: ASP.NET MVC **** (or above), C, F, SQL Server, WinForms, WPF, Silverlight, LINQ, JavaScript, Azure. Expertise in developing scalable and optimised solutions would be beneficial. Proven ability to work in a testfocussed / continuous delivery environment. Strong analysis and technical skills. This is a fantastic opportunity to work for great company who are in offering an exciting environment to work in where they actively encourage new ideas. Our client is offering a highly competitive salary and comprehensive benefits package. They are also committed to the personal/career development of all their employees and this position offers excellent growth potential within a growing organisation. So should the above sound like you then please send a copy of your latest CV highlighting your suitability for the role to Click here to contact this recruiter or give me a call for a confidential discussion on **** **** **** 
