Title: eCommerce Team Leader Leicestershire
Full Description: eCommerce Team Leader, Web Development Team Leader, C, .NET, Website Development, Senior Web Developer, Web Standards, Web Security, PCI, OWASP, East Midlands, Leicestershire, Leicester. As a Team Leader working within the eCommerce team of one of the UK s most recognised names you will act as first line management to a team of .NET Web Developers to ensure assigned projects are delivered to time, cost and quality. As the successful candidate you will need to have proven leadership skills and a track record of delivery in a dynamic and reactive development environment. The role demands an excellent understanding of the .NET framework, Ntier development and C programming along with the following; Essential Criteria: Previous experience as a Team Leader, Senior Programmer or Business Analyst in a web development/ecommerce environment. Excellent understanding of regression testing methodologies, usability, coding, accessibility and web standards. Proven ability to interpret technical documentation, architectures and functional specifications. Excellent knowledge of the Microsoft development platform including Visual Studio, Team Suite and NUnit testing. Experience of leading / coaching a team (or attended relevant courses). Desirable: Holds a recognised Project Management accreditation. eCommerce, eBusiness or retail experience. Good knowledge of web security, PCI and OWASP. Key responsibilities include: Working with development teams and business teams to deliver solutions that meet functional and business requirements. Working directly with the application development teams in the design and development of web applications. Providing system support in response to business needs within published service levels. Taking part in evaluations and reviews of programming methods, tools and standards. Monitoring and managing the performance of the applications support activity. Ensuring integrity, availability and the security of information and systems. Contributing to the development of the applications strategy. In consultation with senior management design and agree appropriate enterprise architecture solutions along with standards, methods and tools whilst ensuring they are applied effectively. Providing out of hours support, as agreed within the functional area (e.g. system upgrades; or in support of programme milestones). Providing first line team support and supervision, including regular one2one review and team meetings. Salary: To ****K  Bonus  Benefits Location: Leicester, Leicestershire, East Midlands Celebrating 25 years of successful recruitment within IT, Technical and Engineering disciplines, our highly experienced team of specialist consultants offer professional and transparent services to match the individual needs of both clients and candidates. We recruit Permanent and Contract Development, Architect, Technical Team Lead, Senior Developer, Principal Software Engineer, Software Developer, Software Engineer, Analyst Programmer, Junior Developer, Junior Software Engineer, C, .NET, ASP.NET, VB.NET, C++, Java, SQL Server jobs across the Midlands
