Title: Principal Microsoft Developer
Full Description:  Principal Microsoft Developer  C / ASP.NET / SQL Server / MVC West Yorkshire **** to **** per annum Commutable from Sheffield, Manchester, Bradford, Leeds, Huddersfield, Wakefield and Barnsley. An opportunity currently exists for a Principal Microsoft Developer to join a major organisation based in West Yorkshire. The role of a Principal Microsoft Developer will be to Design, code, test, correct, and document large and/or complex programs and program modifications from supplied specifications using agreed standards and tools, to achieve a well engineered result. Takes part in reviews of own work and leads reviews of colleagues' work. Demonstrates a high productivity of design, code and unit test Recognized as the expert and point of contact for at least one key software component or technology. Nurtures and guides the technical ability of lower grade Software Developers. Provides project based support to the Build CM Engineer to manage software builds.  Shepherds all development activity through the development lifecycle paying particular care to ensure that all quality processes, gates and controls are followed.Essential skills required C .NET SQL Server Windows Presentation Foundation and WinForms Windows Communication Foundation Distributed systems / middleware / multithreaded experience Plandriven and Agile development methodologies ASP.Net / MVC Desirable Microsoft Dynamics CRM Microsoft SharePoint Encryption and security Windows Application Development High Performance and Distributed Systems Engineering Enterprise (SOA) and Web (REST) development Data structures, Design patterns, UML, Objectoriented design This well established company has a strong vision of what they are looking to achieve and will offer progression and support to the successful candidate. This is an excellent opportunity to add true value to a business within a company that offers a competitive package and excellent long term career prospects. All applications will be kept in complete confidence. This position is being advertised by an employment business in the case of temporary positions and an employment agency in the case of permanent positions.
