Title: Software Developer
Full Description: Software Developer circa ****k As America s largest realtime healthcare communications network, it is our clients mission to advance the efficiency and quality of care by delivering health plans, providers, patients and partners the advanced solutions, services and expertise needed to streamline business processes and drive industryleading innovation. About Our Product: Their product provides Web access to a wide array of custom healthcare transactions. Their solution is used by over **** healthcare providers across the country. The Web site provides efficiencies and costsavings to both health plan customers and the offices that use our product by converting paper and telephonebased workflows to electronic workflows that are accessed easily within a browser. In addition,our client provides a number of valueadd transactions with other healthcare software applications, such as care management, revenue cycle and clinical systems. Our clients features encompass a spectrum  from those that are jointly developed with our customers and partners, to those that are a common part of the Our clients offering and are developed entirely by our staff. We maintain an extremely high level of customer and end user satisfaction by taking great means to ensure that our product meets our end users needs and truly makes the provider office more efficient. Whether working closely with a customer to deliver a custom workflow, or with internal staff to deliver a valueadd feature, you will be expected to provide a high quality product. Position Purpose: We re seeking an energetic and passionate Software Engineer to join the Our clients European Development Team. As an engineer on our clients Web site, you will be responsible for the design and development of their software components hosted within our enterprise portal platform. Our engineers are expected to be selfstarters who can operate well under a variety of different situations and types of projects, ranging from a team of one to a team of many. Responsibilities and requirements of the position are given below. Responsibilities: Design and develop new services and features on our clients s enterprise portal platform Develop components using object oriented design and implementation methodologies, including the application of design patterns when applicableEnsure all delivered software components meet or exceed internal practices and policies with respect to coding standards and unit testingWork within Our clients s Agile Software Development Lifecycle to deliver business requirements from analysis and design through to deploymentContribute to the continuous improvement of our clients s development processes through procedure improvement suggestions and the removal of obstaclesWork effectively with colleagues in a team based environment , including the mentoring and development of less experienced team membersEngage in a collaborative manner with project stakeholders to ensure that new platform features meet user expectations and within projected timescales Requirements: Interested candidates must have the following: Bachelor s degree or foreign equivalent in Computer Science, Electronics Engineering, or related fieldExperience of server product developmentApplicants must also demonstrate knowledge of the technologies, IT concepts and applications inherent in the position, as described aboveIf you are in interested please contact Roisin Byrne on **** **** Hays Specialist Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T C s, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found at hays.co.uk
