Title: Software Developer (ASPNET / C / MVC)
Full Description: Software Developer (ASP.NET / C / MVC) Bristol  Somerset ****  **** with benefits such as healthcare and childcarevoucher schemes. Role: Software Developer (ASP.NET / C / MVC) Connect IB are seeking a new .NET Software Developer to join our vibrant Bristol team. Connect is a software framework developed by Connect IB that has enabled our clients to manage large digital portfolios across multiple output channels, in plain English we enable people to manage large volumes of content across web, touch and mobile (primarily, but there are more). The platform is built around Microsoft .NET leveraging ASP.NET MVC and SQL server, as a company we embrace new technology where it provides benefits to our customers which is great news for our developers as their knowledge remains current. As a software developer within Connect IB you will be involved in a variety of projects, some for very wellknown companies and some that are very public facing You will be developing against our framework so you will have experience of a .NET CMS platform and be comfortable with working against a framework. We are a diverse team that consists of dedicated mobile developers (Android / IOS), Flex developers, front end developers and a creative team, so you will be exposed to a variety of technologies providing you with lots of opportunity but you will sit firmly within the .NET team. Connect IB is a fun company to work for, we try and keep a casual working environment, with pool tables, breakout areas and casual dress codes, but we are a serious business so we also work hard. We embrace selfmotivated passionate software developers that have the ability to solve problems and make decisions, we do however have a dedicated project management team that provide ample direction but we expect our developers to provide the technical guidance with spark and passion to ensure our clients get the best possible solutions. Candidate Specification: Not afraid to air your opinions you will be a confident capable communicator that understands that talking to the project team is as important as writing the software. You will have good experience of working with Agile development techniques and Kanban boards and will be confident about steering others in their use and how to get the best out of these techniques, you will understand that not everyone is as passionate about these techniques as you are but you will be patient in educating them You will have worked with ASP.NET MVC probably developing a bespoke system preferably working with a content management system. You will have a good understanding of software design patterns and will not be afraid of getting your hands dirty writing your own data access code rather than using an ORM, that’s not to say we have implemented patterns to the letter so we would expect you to lose sleep over that and be twitching to fix it You will be capable of picking up existing systems and somebody else’s code and learning how to work with it rather than trying to rewrite it, that’s not to say you won’t want to improve it but you will understand that we have put years of work into our products and you will want to become as passionate about it as we are. As a Connect IB developer you will also have an appreciation of the end user, from UI/ UX concerns to the actual creative, we obviously have a dedicated creative team but we expect everybody to be concerned about adding the spit and polish, out of the box style sheets and default fonts are not the best way to present the work you have slogged over and you will want to show your work in the best light. The suitable candidate will be working with the latest technologies so experience with up to date technology is a must along with solid OOP skills. Essential skills required are: ASP.NET C SQL Server OOP and common design patterns ASP.NET MVC 3 and **** Unit Testing Web API development HTML / CSS / JavaScript XSLT Educated to degree level or proven track record with at least two year’s experience in a similar role. Please email your CV and examples of work by clicking on the apply button below. NOUNSOLICITED RECRUITMENT AGENCY CALLS PLEASE. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SoftwareDeveloperASPNETC%23MVC_job****
