Title: Software Test Analyst  **** , 000  **** , 000  Manchester
Full Description: Software Test Analyst  ****  30,000  Manchester  .NET Development The Role: The Software Test Analyst will be responsible for new and preexisting test cases from development through to execution. Through the analysis of documentation, customer acceptance reports and reviewing existing systems to generate and update systems test cases, traceability matrices and tracking individual test execution programmes. They will be required to;  Identify defects in automated application builds and report issues.  Manual functionality, look and feel and regression testing.  Utilising office Software packages particular MS Word and Excel.  Liaise with Software Developers to resolve issues  Write simple SQL queries to analysis results directly with MS SQL Server databases.  Implement and maintain Software Test methodologies to maintain quality of testing.  Support the development of enduser training methods and documentation. The Candidate: The successful candidate will be Degree qualified or equivalent within a Software Engineering related subject. They will have experience of functionality testing of .NET WinForm applications developed using C/VB.NET, and they will be knowledgeable in test methodology implementation. They will have ideally worked with Apps that collect and analyse data. The company: Kendall Poole Consulting is proud to represent this international worldwide leader in their search for a Software Test Analyst. The role will be based in their prestigious offices near to Manchester Airport. Our Client is a highly skilled and successful organisation who design, develop and deliver complete endtoend client solutions based on their needs and ongoing support requirements. This is an excellent opportunity with a structured progression path in a rapidly expanding business. Should you be interested in this unique opportunity then please send your CV to vcakendallpoole.com for the attention of Vicki Andrews.
