Title: QA Tester / software tester / Microsoft Exchange Administrator
Full Description: QA Engineer / QA Tester / software tester / Microsoft Exchange Administrator This is an excellent opportunity for a QA Software Test Engineer to work for an award winning Microsoft Gold partner based in Farnborough. This position would be ideal for an experienced QA test engineer or someone who would like to move into a QA/testing role, full training will be provided. The Job role involves: Manual and automated testing of software products. This will include: Functionality testing. UI testing. Usability and requirements testing. Stress, load and performance testing. Assisting support department with 3rd line support investigations. This role would suit an individual with a strong knowledge of Microsoft Exchange Server technologies and Microsoft Office products. You ideally would have come from a testing background or have experience of supporting Microsoft exchange / Active Directory and looking to move into a full time testing position. We are looking for someone with excellent communications skill and a willingness to learn new technologies and become a specialist within the company. You can expect to work with a talented team and receive inhouse training as well as recognized certifications. The role will involve working closely with the software developers and support departments as you will be conducting Manual and automated testing of bespoke software applications. Skills/Experience required software testing Strong knowledge of Microsoft Exchange Server technologies. Strong knowledge of Microsoft Office products. Strong knowledge of Microsoft Active Directory and domain services. An understanding of email structure and technologies. A willingness to learn. Salary up to ****  inhouse training. For more information please send a copy of your CV or call (Apply online only) Key Skills  Automated testing, manual testing, Active Directory, AD, Microsoft Exchange, Microsoft office, email structures
