Title: Web Developer, C Developer,NET Developer, Software Developer
Full Description: Web Developer, C Developer,.NET Developer, Software Developer My client seeks a Web Developer to join their expanding team, working on a variety of exciting projects in website development and web application development. The Web Developer will be working on largescale, complex projects and will be joining a highlyskilled and qualified team of designers, Front End developers and .NET developers. The successful Web Developer will be working with the latest technologies and will be given the opportunity and scope to build and expand on their experience in an agency environment. The ideal Web Developer will have previous agency experience working on a variety of website or web application projects using C. They will also have used ASP.NET in conjunction with C. My client also seeks a Web Developer who has previous commercial experience with Microsoft SQL Server. Any previous experience of other web technologies such as HTML, CSS and JavaScript would also be highly preferred. The ideal Web Developer will have experience in the following; Website development or web application development C, ASP.NET SQL Server 2005/**** HTML, CSS and JavaScript This is an excellent opportunity for an existing Web Developer to use the latest technologies within a well established Web Design Agency. If you are Web Developer and in interested in this position then please apply now for immediate consideration This position is offering an excellent salary up to **** plus additional benefits. This position is commutable from Oxford, Bicester, Banbury, Wallingford, Abingdon, Reading, Newbury, Swindon, Cirencester, Oxfordshire, Berkshire, Gloucestershire. Referral Scheme: If this role isn't for you then perhaps you could recommend a friend or colleague to Haybrook IT. If we go on to place that person in a permanent or temporary capacity then you could be rewarded with **** Please see our website for terms and conditions. Haybrook IT Resourcing is Oxford's leading IT Recruitment agency. With exclusive access to some of the region's most successful companies, send in your CV today to secure your next IT position. Haybrook IT Resourcing Ltd acts as an employment agency and an employment business.
