Title: Java Developer, Banking, Market Risk, Grid Computing, Caching
Full Description: Java software developer/ programmer / software engineer / architect, investment banking, market risk, credit risk, Java, J****SE, grid computing, caching, optimisation, parallel computation, big data, Oracle Coherence, Terracotta, Infinispan, Gemfire, Gigaspaces, Gridgain, DataSynapse One of the world's most prestigious and successful investment banks are looking for exceptional developers to join their market risk technology area. The role will involve working on high profile, mission critical projects, utilising cutting edge technologies and close engagement with the business. The working environment in the team is outstanding, and the technical challenges involved are complemented by extensive exposure to the firm's business and unmatched opportunities to gain valuable industry knowledge of a range of financial products and risk. The group contains some brilliant technologists and alumni from some of the UK's and the world's leading universities  Cambridge, Oxford, Imperial College, IIT They are ideally looking for Java developers, but will look at developers with a strong low level depth of technical skills and numeracy who have worked with other OO languages and crosstrain them as appropriate. There are a combination of technologies used within the area, with a lot of focus on largescale grid computing and Java caching technologies. The role: The market risk technology group is responsible for the systems used to manage, monitor and analyse market risk across the firm. They work very closely with the market risk analysts to work out the firm's trading risks, such as ValueatRisk (VaR), scenario analysis and risk decomposition for all of their trading desks and financial products globally. This computation is extremely computeintensive, and the group actually estimates they utilise approximately half of the computing capacity of the entire firm. As such, optimisation and parallel computation are a significant focus, and they are continuously pushing the boundaries of largescale grid computing and Java caching technologies. Successful candidates will work to deliver projects across the globe, as part of a global team. The role will offer extensive interaction with risk and quantitative analysts, as well as other technology teams, focusing on developing models and systems for calculating, analysing, and reporting trading risks. High profile, mission critical projects will require candidates to understand the underlying businesses and product lines. This role offers the chance to work in a dynamic, fastpaced environment and will provide excellent exposure to the market risk business as well as related frontoffice trading businesses. Because the team's remit covers risk management for the entire firm, there is an opportunity to learn about all financial instruments traded. The firm also have an industryleading focus on training and development, and excellent internal mobility opportunities as well. Requirements:  Strong technical developer who has been involved in the full development cycle and possesses a lowlevel depth of technical skills and good numeracy  Ideally Java developers, but openminded technologists with other OO backgrounds will be considered  Strong academic backgrounds and excellent communication skills  Prior experience with grid computing and caching is not required but would be advantageous (particularly for more experienced candidates)  Financial product knowledge and an understanding of risk is not required but would be advantageous (particularly for more experienced candidates) This is an opportunity to join an outstanding team within one of the world's largest and most successful banks. The role will see successful individuals working within an exceptional environment from a technical and business perspective, utilising cutting edgetechnologies and very closely engaged with risk and quantitative analysts. The bank are keen to recruit extremely talented individuals looking for the chance to stretch themselves and demonstrate their abilities in an environment where they can make a real difference to the business. The opportunities are huge for the right individuals, in terms of progression within the firm and the value of the experience on offer, and this should be an extremely interesting opportunity for any aspirational developer. If you have the relevant experience and you may be interested in the role, or you would like more information, please apply or call **** (****)**** **** **** Java software developer/ programmer / software engineer / architect, investment banking, market risk, credit risk, Java, J****SE, grid computing, caching, optimisation, parallel computation, big data, Oracle Coherence, Terracotta, Infinispan, Gemfire, Gigaspaces, Gridgain, DataSynapse Allegis Group Limited and Aston Carter Limited operate Employment Businesses and Agencies and are companies within the Allegis Group Inc. group of companies, the fourth largest staffing company in the world, (collectively referred to as the 'Allegis Group'). TEKsystems and Aerotek are divisions of Allegis Group Limited. Applicant data will be treated in accordance with the Allegis Group's Privacy Notice http://www.allegisgroup.com/Privacy/Default.aspx). By submitting personal data to any company or division within the Allegis Group, the applicant is providing explicit consent to the use of such data by the Allegis Group and to the transfer of such data to and from the Allegis Group companies within the UK, Europe and outside the European Economic Area in connection with the fulfilment of the applicant's voluntary requests, and the fulfilment of other job opportunities that match the applicant's profile, and confirms that they may be contacted about such job opportunities. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/JavaDeveloperBankingMarketRiskGridComputingCaching_job****
