Title: Software Developers Wanted C++ & C
Full Description: Software Developers wanted for professional, but lively company based in Cheltenham . You will have commercial experience of objectorientated programming in either C++ or C (there are two vacancies available) and developing applications that interact with an enterprise class database. As a software developer, you will have a good understanding of the full development cycle from taking a client requirement through to testing and have experience of Windows GUI interface based applications. You will have SQL server experience good, clean design principles. The software developers will need to have experience of documenting their work excellent communication skills. In return, you will receive a competitive package and the opportunity to work in a relatively small, successful social team. A full job description is available to suitable applicants. To apply for the role of Software Developer, please send a copy of your up to date CV to katyexpectationsrecruitment.co.uk To ensure that your application receives the fullest possible attention, it is essential that you consider carefully the role that you are applying for, and then ensure that your CV contains all relevant information about yourself in relation to that role. This is important because, in the present economic climate, we receive a great many applications and are unable to respond to them all. Hence, if you do not hear from us within one week, we regret you must conclude on this occasion your application has been unsuccessful. As a local Recruitment Agency you will be required to attend a meeting with ourselves at our offices in Cheltenham or Gloucester prior to your details being passed onto our clients. Candidates need only apply if you are within an hour of a Gloucestershire postcode or already have plans of relocation to the Gloucestershire area in place. Expectations Recruitment Services are an equal opportunities employer and encourage applications from all areas of society. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SoftwareDevelopersWantedC++C%****_job****
