Title: iOS Software Developer
Full Description: My client is one of of the world's largest providers of real time market data and has one of the most used API's in the world. This award winning company is mainly used for market data, news feeds, trading and messaging and is currently looking for a new iOS Developer to join their team of innovative and ebullient developers. The successful candidate will have exceptional ObjectC programming skills accompanied by other programming dialect such as C++. The candidate will also need substantial knowledge of STL, UIKit, Xcode. The candidate must demonstrate a flexible, creative approach to problem solving and should be able to handle pressure as time to market is critical. This is a fantastic opportunity for an energetic and wellseasoned iOS developer to join a team which demonstrates these traits in abundance. The opportunity to work in one of the worlds leading companies in this domain is presenting itself here, so if you are an advanced ObjectC developer, send your CV. Allegis Group Limited and Aston Carter Limited operate Employment Businesses and Agencies and are companies within the Allegis Group Inc. group of companies, the fourth largest staffing company in the world, (collectively referred to as the 'Allegis Group'). TEKsystems and Aerotek are divisions of Allegis Group Limited. Applicant data will be treated in accordance with the Allegis Group's Privacy Notice http://www.allegisgroup.com/Privacy/Default.aspx). By submitting personal data to any company or division within the Allegis Group, the applicant is providing explicit consent to the use of such data by the Allegis Group and to the transfer of such data to and from the Allegis Group companies within the UK, Europe and outside the European Economic Area in connection with the fulfilment of the applicant's voluntary requests, and the fulfilment of other job opportunities that match the applicant's profile, and confirms that they may be contacted about such job opportunities. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/iOSSoftwareDeveloper_job****
