Title: Technical Lead  West London
Full Description: My client can proudly say it absolutely is the market leader in the provision of online content in its industry sector. With offices around the world, this company has grown from wellpositioned startup to a truly global enterprise. They are seeking a seasoned and versatile technical lead to drive a business critical project for my client s largest customer. An ideal candidate would come from a very technical background with a strong degree or equivalent in a relevant technical discipline (e.g. Computer Science) and have excellent experience as a software developer working on largescale systems using any of the following: Java, PHP, C++, Python, Perl. Strong Linux and database experience is also essential. They should also have lead/mentored junior members of a team. Your role will encompass: Leading a team of up to **** people and conducting code reviews, coding, speaking in depth with clients to capture requirements, handling release scripts, dealing with low level performance issues and database upgrades, networking, writing data algorithms and most importantly having a genuine say in the design and architecture of the system. You will also be expected to communicate effectively both internally and externally. If interested, please send your CV to Tony at or call **** **** **** Allegis Group Limited and Aston Carter Limited operate Employment Businesses and Agencies and are companies within the Allegis Group Inc. group of companies, the fourth largest staffing company in the world, (collectively referred to as the Allegis Group ). TEKsystems and Aerotek are divisions of Allegis Group Limited. Applicant data will be treated in accordance with the Allegis Group s Privacy Notice http://www.allegisgroup.com/Privacy/Default.aspx). By submitting personal data to any company or division within the Allegis Group, the applicant is providing explicit consent to the use of such data by the Allegis Group and to the transfer of such data to and from the Allegis Group companies within the UK, Europe and outside the European Economic Area in connection with the fulfilment of the applicant s voluntary requests, and the fulfilment of other job opportunities that match the applicant s profile, and confirms that they may be contacted about such job opportunities. 
