Title: Senior C Developer  Swansea  Up to ****
Full Description: Senior C Developer  Swansea  Up to ****  Benefits You will be working for an accredited Microsoft Gold Partner. The work environment is informal, with access to all Microsoft current and prerelease software and partner resources. I am currently looking for two Developers to join my clients highly skilled team producing a worldleading Cloud based business intelligence product suite using a wide range of Microsoft technologies including JavaScript, JQuery, Silverlight, HTML, C, ASP.NET, TSQL and Microsoft software including SQL Server, Analysis Server, SSIS, IIS. Their guiding principles are to deliver a fantastic user experience, with brilliant ease of use, better looking interface and functional superiority over the competition.  Your main tasks will be to develop new features for a rich internet application, working closely with other team members where necessary.  You will take an active part in coming up with new ideas and discussing specifications with senior staff.  You may also be involved in second line customer support over the phone and email They are looking for candidates who have a high level of attention to detail and good communication skills, and are experienced in working with Microsoft web development and database tools. A strong work ethic and commitment to quality and finishing work with low bug rate is required. Applicants will be required to pass a demanding technical test at a comparable level to Microsoft Certified Software Developer, Microsoft Certifications will be an advantage. Required technology skills: JQuery, C, JavaScript, ASP.NET, HTML, CSS, MS SQL Server, XML, ADO.NET Environment: Visual Studio 2010, Windows 2003 / **** R2 Other skills of interest: SQL Reporting Services (SSRS), SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS), Microsoft Analysis Server, OLAP Cubes, Data Warehouse. Experience: minimum of 1 years fulltime software development employment. APPLY NOW.To find out more about Progressive Recruitment please visit www.progressiverecruitment.com
