Title: PHP Application Developer
Full Description: Senior PHP Developer PHP/MySQL  ****  ****  Benefits (Including; 25 days annual leave, Travel expense allowance, Contributory stakeholder pension scheme, Healthcare, Training) Senior PHP Developer sought after an awardwinning software house based in Wolverhampton which specialises in the design, development and support of enterprise software applications delivered via the web, smartphones and other portable appliances. They are seeking an experienced senior software developer to join a production team developing, optimising and maintaining legacy applications and developing new products. They are rapidly moving towards an agile environment and use the latest continuous integration and software project management tools The Person: As a highly motivated individual, you will have previously had lead or substantive responsibility for the development of commercial software applications, working on graphical user interfaces, back end database implementation and the development of interfaces to third party systems using batch files and web services. Experience of developing applications for mobile devices Windows Mobile **** and Android  would be an advantage. Essential Skills: Experience in a commercial software development environment Taken lead or substantive responsibility for software development projects Worked with PHP and MySQL for at least 5 years Worked on graphical user interfaces Strong CSS, javascript and HTML skills Worked on back end database integration Integrated with third party applications using batch files and web services Worked with both procedural and OO source code Experience of SVN Used an IDE such as Zend Studio/Eclipse or Netbeans A first degree in computing or related discipline Desirable Skills: Basic Linux administration skills PHP Frameworks DBA skills for MySQL Experience of developing applications for mobile devices Experience of other database platforms including Oracle and MS SQL Experience of working with HMTL5 Our partners development environment is mainly PHP and MySQL and you must have at least 5 years of experience with those platforms. Their code is a mixture of procedural and OO and you must be confident working with both. Experience of PHP frameworks would be an advantage as would basic Linux administration skills. You should be familiar with SVN and ideally have worked with an IDE such as Zend Studio/Eclipse or Netbeans. DBA skills for MySQL would be an advantage but are not essential. If successful, you will be offered a modern, stimulating and well structured environment to work in with plenty of opportunity for further training and development. The business has been around for 12 years and continues to show solid growth prospects, offering a stable employment opportunity with blue chip benefits including pension contributions and healthcare. They even find time for bit of fun with regular staff outings and away days. If you have the skills and confidence to help our client deliver high quality, innovative software applications, then contact us now on (Apply online only) or email your CV via the link. This vacancy is commutable from; Wolverhampton, Birmingham, Dudley, Walsall, Shrewsbury, Telford, Stafford. TSD Specialists Ltd. are an I.T. Recruitment Consultancy acting on behalf of our client
