Title: Junior Software Developer
Full Description: Exposed Solutions are recruiting on behalf of their client; a Bespoke Software Development Integration Specialist company based in the West Midlands. Their pride is delivering solutions that allow companies to concentrate on running and growing their business as oppose to administering daytoday processes resulting in wasted time and ultimately money. Word of mouth is a powerful tool and customer satisfaction is what wins us work based on referral and repeat business, how we engage and service our customers is of prime importance to us. The position we are currently recruiting for is that of a Junior Software Developer. This position will involve working on numerous projects and technologies, at various stages of the development cycle, and using the latest Microsoft technologies (e.g. .Net, WPF, Silverlight, BizTalk) for which training will be given as required. Some work may be customer facing, and occasional travel may be required. We are looking for people with potential to grow with us quickly. Key Skills A passion for IT and software development (required) A good understanding of the Microsoft .Net Framework (ideal) A degree in Computer Science or valid experience post leaving school (ideal) Experience of developing solutions in the .Net Framework (ideally 6 months minimum) A good understanding of the IT sector, and the positioning of the Microsoft product range (ideal) Good people skills (ideal) Sharp problemsolving skills (ideal) Full Driving Licence (required) C.Net BizTalk training provided for WPF Silverlight so preferable to have Package Benefits Salary : Competitive, with a company policy of rewarding achievements Generous training and sponsored Microsoft Certification Program  expect to learn valuable BizTalk and SharePoint skills C.NET, C, .NET, Biztalk, WPF, Silverlight, Microsoft .NET Framework, Degree, University, C.NET, C, .NET, Biztalk, WPF, Silverlight, Microsoft .NET Framework, Degree, University, C.NET, C, .NET, Biztalk, WPF, Silverlight, Microsoft .NET Framework, Degree, University, C.NET, C, .NET, Biztalk, WPF, Silverlight, Microsoft .NET Framework, Degree, University, C.NET, C, .NET, Biztalk, WPF, Silverlight, Microsoft .NET Framework, Degree, University, C.NET, C, .NET, Biztalk, WPF, Silverlight, Microsoft .NET Framework, Degree, University, ALL APPLICANTS MUST BE FREE TO WORK IN THE UK FREE FROM THE RESTRICTIONS OF VISA'S AND WORK PERMITS. Exposed Solutions is acting as an employment agency to this client. Please note that no terminology in this advert is intended to discriminate on the grounds of age, and we confirm that we will gladly accept applications from persons of any age for this role.
