Title: Net Developer apprentice
Full Description: We have a variety of partner companies ready to recruit software developer apprentices and support them through a **** month programme, leading to a career using C and .NET technology to create web applications and Window forms Northdoor is an IT consultancy and solutions provider. We help fastgrowing enterprises achieve their business objectives through IT enablement. With over 20 years of experience, we have been a trusted adviser to many organisations. Northdoor combines specialist skills across IT consulting, enterprise infrastructure and IT support and managed services into one integrated solution for our clients. Job Overview: This is a ‘WorkBased Learning’ apprenticeship with a Software company in your area. The technical training will be undertaken at your local academy location (for up to 10 weeks across the year) as you study towards industry recognised qualifications. (Travel costs may be covered by your employer). We are looking for exceptional applicants with a strong educational background in either Mathematics, Science or Business related subjects, with an aptitude for computing. We are also looking for candidates who have an understanding of technology and how it supports business, but most of all, who are really enthusiastic about becoming a professional Software Developer. We are seeking a Trainee Software Developer apprentice to join our growing application development team. Our ideal candidate will have a deep interest in programming with a focus on web technologies such as HTML, jQuery, CSS and JavaScript. Knowledge of a relational database such as SQL Server or MySQL is required and basic programming skills in a modern language such as C, Java, PHP or ObjectiveC would be beneficial. The role includes assisting the consultancy team in the design, coding and testing of our technical solutions as well as ongoing support for live implementations. The role will also involve keeping an eye on new and evolving technologies and communicating areas of interest to the team Weekly Wage  **** Skills Required A passion for technology, good communication skills, good problem solving abilities and ideally has experience of writing code Qualifications Required You must have **** GSCE’s (C and above) – Maths, English and Science is a must Personal Qualities We are looking for exceptional applicants who are really committed to becoming a professional Software Developer. You should be able to show a real passion for technology, and relish solving difficult problems. As well as good logical reasoning skills, you should be able to show you can work as part of a larger Development team, and communicate well with colleagues and customers Future Prospects This is an outstanding opportunity for talented, committed, and reliable individuals to begin their career as a software developer and we are seeking candidates with high potential Reality Check This is an intense apprenticeship that will require successful candidates to be fully committed to their learning. You will be working on potentially tight time scales and will be required to travel as part of your role. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/NetDeveloperapprentice_job****
