Title: Software Developer, Linux, Java, PHP, Ruby on Rails, RoR
Full Description: Software Developer, Linux, Java, PHP, Ruby on Rails, RoR An excellent opportunity has arisen for a Software Developer to join my forwardthinking client based in Warwick. The Software Developer will work with the application development team through design and implementation of enterprise level applications. The Developer will also be required to deliver high quality functionality on schedule; testing, maintaining and ensuring the quality of new and existing functionality. The development environment and products are Linux based and the Software Developer should have knowledge and experience of UNIX/Linux. Candidates should also have experience in web application development and knowledge of Ruby on Rails is desirable, however a keenness to learn RoR is acceptable. To be successful in this role, the Software Developer will have the following skills and experience:  Demonstrable experience and knowledge of UNIX/Linux environments  Web application development (Ruby preferred, though not essential)  Knowledge of Java, C++, Actionscript, Perl, PHP or Python is beneficial  Relational database design experience  Experience with PostgreSQL is desirable So, if you are a motivated and enthusiastic Software Developer with a willingness to learn new skills, this could be the role for you Send an up to date CV today for consideration. If you are already experience with Ruby on Rails please get in touch as we have other opportunities available. Referral Scheme: If this role isn t for you then perhaps you could recommend a friend or colleague to Haybrook IT. If we go on to place that person in a permanent or temporary capacity then you could be rewarded with **** Please see our website for terms and conditions. Haybrook IT Resourcing is Oxford s leading IT Recruitment agency. With exclusive access to some of the region s most successful companies, send in your CV today to secure your next IT position. Haybrook IT Resourcing Ltd acts as an employment agency and an employment business.
