Title: UI Developer
Full Description: ****k Our client designs and develops the next generation of Mobile Internet Technology to help enable Telecom Operators to deliver a first class user experience. They play a pivotal role in the seamless delivery of video and web content to SmartPhones, Tablets and Laptops on mobile networks. They are looking for enthusiastic and motivated Senior Software Developers with a track record in delivering quality software to join their dynamic team in Belfast. Duties Independently put the software development process into practice as appropriate. Takes ownership of product subcomponents including functional specification, design, implementation and maintenance Assist in the development of implementation schedules for owned sub components. Develop assigned software modules within schedule constraints using our clients accepted coding practices. Automated testing of developed software modules. Assist publications department as required to document the product. Assist QA engineers as required to develop of test plans and isolate software faults. Lead a department code review. Work with other department software engineers to ensure successful development and delivery of product. Report status in timely fashion as requested by Manager or project lead engineer or when problems arise Essential criteria **** years  Commercial experience with advanced JavaScript, jQuery, XHTML and CSS Oracle/MySQL SQL development Excellent understanding of crossbrowser compatibility issues. BSc in Computer Science, Computer/Software Engineering, or equivalent experience Strong communication skills both verbal and written. Strong team worker with commitment to customer service. Good organisational, planning and note taking skills Demonstrated ability to follow instructions and demonstrate good judgment to expand independently upon them as necessary. Demonstrated ability to identify problems and effectively raise issues Desirable Previous Analytics/BI report Community Dashboard framework D3 charting library Data Warehouse fundamentals, e.g. Design, ETL, ELT etc Experience having worked with globally distributed teams Experience in writing technical documentation An attractive salary bonus scheme and comprehensive benefits package on offer. Hays Specialist Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T&C's, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found at hays.co.uk
