Title: Senior C Developer, Electronic Trading Systems, London
Full Description: Senior C Developer, Electronic Trading Systems, Finance, London Key Words: C, Windows Forms, SQL Server, Oracle, Electronic Trading, Greenfield development My client designs realtime electronic trading and market data solutions for the financial services. Due to their recent growth a unique opportunity has arisen for a Senior C developer in a handson technical role. They are looking for an experienced C developer/Technical leader to take responsibility for Greenfield development projects. They offer a dynamic and tight knit environment where no day will be the same and you will have the chance to take ownership of your career and work with some of the best software developers in London. As a Senior C developer you will play an integral part in the team, using technology to push the business forward so they can continue to expand in the future. The successful candidate will be given the autonomy and tools to play a vital role in the firm s success, implementing real time distributed applications in C and Microsoft .Net. You will have the chance to grow your team around you, and bring your significant technical expertise to work on Greenfield development projects. You will need experience in C and Microsoft .Net, in addition to SQL server or Oracle. Programming knowledge of Java would also be considered, and experience of Windows Forms would be beneficial. You will also require a **** or better from a Top Tier University. Key Skills:  C, Microsoft .Net  Experience in realtime programming would be an advantage.  SQL server, Oracle databases  Windows Forms knowledge This is an excellent opportunity for a Senior C developer to take the next step in your career. You will not be pigeonholed, and will have a good degree of autonomy and responsibility in a role which offers something above and beyond a mainstream senior development role. In addition to an excellent salary you will work alongside a strong development team and set your own expectations with regards to your career. If you feel you are a strong fit for this role please send your CV directly Although financial experience may be beneficial the hiring manager would like to hear from candidates with Consultancy, Telecoms or Gaming experience. Allegis Group Limited and Aston Carter Limited operate Employment Businesses and Agencies and are companies within the Allegis Group Inc. group of companies, the fourth largest staffing company in the world, (collectively referred to as the Allegis Group ). TEKsystems and Aerotek are divisions of Allegis Group Limited. Applicant data will be treated in accordance with the Allegis Group s Privacy Notice http://www.allegisgroup.com/Privacy/Default.aspx). By submitting personal data to any company or division within the Allegis Group, the applicant is providing explicit consent to the use of such data by the Allegis Group and to the transfer of such data to and from the Allegis Group companies within the UK, Europe and outside the European Economic Area in connection with the fulfilment of the applicant s voluntary requests, and the fulfilment of other job opportunities that match the applicant s profile, and confirms that they may be contacted about such job opportunities. 
