Title: Systems Manager  Billing & CRM
Full Description: This role offers a fantastic opportunity for a talented Systems Manager who possesses Telecoms Billing experience, and ideally some CRM knowledge. This organisation is growing at a phenominal rate and offers fantastic career opportunites for the right experienced Telecoms Systems Manager. You can build your own team and lead from the front. You will drive forward a program of change and manage the systems team, providing support and maintenance necessary to deliver the Billing and CRM to the business. Key Accountabilities • Management of the Billing and CRM systems (including documentation) • Leading a team of administrators, engineers and software developers • Coordinating the development of new capabilities and configuration changes • Provide 4th line support function, meeting and exceeding defined OLAs • Manage the release of software and configuration changes to integration and production environments Key Responsibilities • Develops Billing CRM System strategies and related implementation budgets • Responsible for the daytoday processes to support the effective operation of all Billing and CRM systems • Operational support of the Billing CRM systems. 4th line triage of issues. Provide maintenance fixes on a schedule to meet defined OLAs and customer SLAs • Customizes Billing CRM systems in accordance with process derived specifications and established priorities. Thoroughly tests customization prior to bringing changes to the 'live system' • Understand and maintain the interfaces between Billing CRM to other systems in the enterprise. Maintains data conversion rules from disparate systems and synchronization rules as applicable • Plans and schedules Billing CRM roll outs, releases and upgrades in coordination with the PMO • Plan and schedule product configuration and tariff changes • Stays abreast of Billing CRM solutions and development in the industry. Attends relevant trade shows and events Required Experience • Management of business critical enterprise applications incluing Billing. (Preferable would also be a knowledge of CRM Systems.) • Management of IT Systems support and maintenance • Management of IT Systems strategy and development Required Skills • Enterprise IT systems support, maintenance and deployment • Proven ability to lead a team balancing support, daytoday operation and ongoing change programs across a complex enterprise systems stack • Practical experience of running configuration management across a range of systems • Management and practical experience of across the full software development life cycle Key direct reports • Billing system administrators • Rating and Mediation administrators • Salesforce.com development and support team This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/SystemsManagerBillingCRM_job****
