Title: C++, Senior Developer, London
Full Description: C++, Senior Developer, London I am currently recruiting for one of the worlds leading financial companies based in London. They are looking for a number of extremely talented senior software developers to join their C++ software development team working on realtime, highly transactional, fault tolerant, highly distributed trading systems for the FX electronic trading and FX Options. Candidates will have the opportunity to work on the full life cycle of the project as well as working closely with business users and learn about the finance industry. NO financial knowledge is necessary; you just need a desire to learn and passion for technology.  C/C++,  Multithreading,  STL, Boost,  Databases,  Networking,  OOD,  Design Patterns Not only will you get the opportunity to work on a cutting edge low latency trading systems you will also be given the opportunity to take on more responsibility, own parts of the projects and mentor other developers. Candidates should have a good academic background and be enthusiastic learns. You should be technically pro active and enjoy reading up on the latest technologies, blogs, etc… The company offers a relaxed working environment, with social areas, casual dress and free food and drink. Allegis Group Limited and Aston Carter Limited operate Employment Businesses and Agencies and are companies within the Allegis Group Inc. group of companies, the fourth largest staffing company in the world, (collectively referred to as the 'Allegis Group'). TEKsystems and Aerotek are divisions of Allegis Group Limited. Applicant data will be treated in accordance with the Allegis Group's Privacy Notice http://www.allegisgroup.com/Privacy/Default.aspx). By submitting personal data to any company or division within the Allegis Group, the applicant is providing explicit consent to the use of such data by the Allegis Group and to the transfer of such data to and from the Allegis Group companies within the UK, Europe and outside the European Economic Area in connection with the fulfilment of the applicant's voluntary requests, and the fulfilment of other job opportunities that match the applicant's profile, and confirms that they may be contacted about such job opportunities. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/C++SeniorDeveloperLondon_job****
