Title: Cnet Software Developer  Senior/Team Leader  C/ASPnet/SQL
Full Description: My client are a world renowned organisation, who require a software technical lead / development team lead to join their business to help manage and deliver a wide, varied and complex range of software development projects. Key Responsibilities:  To identify and document system requirements  Design high level technical solutions (both new and existing applications plus integration of vendor software packages.)  Manage a team of developers to specify, develop, test and implement technical solutions.  Be handson in the writing of code when the situation requires it.  Work closely with other colleagues on the specification, procurement and installation of hardware and software.  Manage application support of delivered systems.  Create and agree project plans for delivery, including hardware, software, staffing and vendors.  Perform risk assessments and manage projects against report status, managing potential problems as they arise.  Assist in resource and capacity planning.  Provide technical consulting and development services to other colleagues as required (e.g. assist with complex enhancements to operational systems). Desired Technical Skills / Experience:  Substantial knowledge and experience of C, ASP.Net and SQL Server  XML and related technologies (DTD s, schemas, XSLT etc.),  Knowledge of implementing Web Services / WCF  Knowledge of software analysis and design using UML  People/software project management experience The role will be a combination (roughly ****) of both handson and team/project leadership. If you feel you have the skills required to be able to effectively carry out this exciting role, working in an organisation who can provide you with interesting projects working alongside some of the most respected organisations in the world, you should send a copy of your CV today for a swift response. Reed Specialist Recruitment Limited is an employment agency and employment business
