Title: ASPNet Developer
Full Description: ASP.NET Developer An exciting opportunity has arisen to join a growing Microsoft development team at Swindon based Software Services company Verelogic IT Solutions. A key part of our plan for 2013 and beyond demands the use of a wider range of technology in our projects. This is driven by the highly dynamic market in which we work and the greater sophistication of our customer s needs. We are looking for an experienced software developer with in depth ASP.Net skills, who can bring useful technical abilities, good communication and excellent customer facing skills to work on a wide range of projects across many industry sectors. They need a highly flexible attitude, and a hunger towards new technology and techniques, as well as having a broad range of experience working on a wide range of projects. The key development skills which we require are listed below but note we need someone who is keen to learn new skills We are look for the following knowledge/skills as a minimum:  C  ASP .NET  Ajax  JavaScript  HTML and CSS  SQL (in MS SQL environment) Any of the following skills are also highly desirable  ASP.Net MVC  VB.Net  Jquery  MS SharePoint **** and / or MS SharePoint 2010  XSLT The role would require the candidate to be involved in the entire development cycle, including gathering end user requirements, producing documentation and designing solutions. You will also have an opportunity to help contribute towards shaping the future direction and structure of the team. The role will be based at our offices in Swindon, however there will be a requirement to travel and work on projects based at customer sites as and when necessary. The person selected for this role will be required to work independently for a proportion of their time but must be able to adapt to working within a team when needed. The candidate will need to communicate with customers, as well as work within technical teams. Good communication skills are essential to this role. Development of advanced Microsoft .NET skills is seen as a key part of the role and if not already certified, the person selected will be encouraged to pass Microsoft certification exams. For candidates with no MS SharePoint experience, there will also be opportunities to work on SharePoint projects. Personal Skills  Enthusiastic, pragmatic and quality focused, with the ability to communicate with technical and nontechnical staff alike to facilitate business driven IT solutions  Confident communications skills  Excellent planning and organisation skills  Ability to work both as an individual and as part of a team  Flexibility to adapt quickly to new technologies and methodologies  Capability to work under pressure and meet deadlines  Dedicated to producing quality work  Excellent team player  Excellent analytical skills  Understand business objectives We offer a superb opportunity for you to develop your skills, in a friendly working environment at our Swindon office as well as a competitive remuneration package.
