Title: Development Team Leader (C)  Devon  Home Working
Full Description: Development Team Leader Location: Devon Salary: to ****k plus benefits Opportunity of parttime home working with this role. My client is looking for an individual who can inspire a development team. The role is not just about writing software code; it is about having a passion for software delivery and enthusing that passion to those around you. Looking at new technologies, engaging the team to explore, invent and work with the long term business strategy to carve out best of breed products. At the core of this role lies the belief that code is not just programming but it is a craft and a skill that with careful manipulation can achieve outstanding results. The successful candidate will lead a small team of software developers working on a range of software applications. This will include improving existing functionality, keeping our products leading edge and the involvement in new projects form the ground up. Experience / Skills Required: Essential Skills .Net Framework C SQL Server Experience of leading/mentoring a development team Desirable Skills HTML5, Entity Framework, XML. Visual Basic. Understanding of UML design and methodologies Unit Testing. LeadTools, Infragistics, Crystal Reports. Personal Experience Required: Experience of managing a team with different skill levels. People management experience with the ability to manage change of priorities at short notice. Attention to detail. Ability to work on several projects simultaneously and manage time effectively. Effective communicator, with excellent written and verbal English skills. Motivated, passionate, positive, hardworking. Experience of managing a team with different skill levels. Part Time home working available and on going accredited training provided. Please send CV for further details. For contract vacancies itecopeople acts as an Employment Business. For permanent vacancies itecopeople acts as an Employment Agency. itecopeople is an equal opportunities employer encourages applications from all suitably qualified candidates regardless of sex, race, disability, age, sexual orientation, gender reassignment, religion or belief. Summit Computer Recruitment Ltd t/a itecopeople is a member of the REC is ISO9001 ISO14001 accredited. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/DevelopmentTeamLeaderC%****DevonHomeWorking_job****
