Title: DEVELOPER (OOP)  would you like to work with PHP
Full Description: Developer (OOP) Job in Derry Are you a talented Developer (OOP) with experience in an object orientated language such as .Net or Java? Are you commutable from Derry? Are you bored in your current role and need a fresh challenge? Might you consider crosstraining into another OOP language such as PHP? Are you the type of person who likes to question things, maybe create new ideas and build on them? Would you like to with really friendly, helpful people? Read on, as this role is definitely one you should be applying for. The Client This is an exciting job opportunity for an experienced Developer (OOP) in either .Net, Java or PHP to join a forward thinking company where talent is embraced and not ignored. This role will challenge your skill set and you need to be confident in your own area. Having at least some commercial experience in .Net, PHP or Java previously, this role will involve crosstraining into PHP to work on some really cutting edge open source work. Open source tools such as OOPHP will allow you to put a unique spin on projects and utilise mobile technologies alongside this. Your immediate team, the people that you will work with are really talented and like to involve everyone is their decisions so if you want to be part of this cohesive environment, read on to see if you match . Job Role: To give you a taste of what you ll be involved in please see below: You will be some really interested open source projects, not boring maintenance or fire fighting . Pure hands on development will be your best friend in this company and old technologies will be your enemy. You will be linking up with other team members to deliver projects on time, in budget and be an innovator for problem solutions. This company prefer people who create solutions to problems, and never let problems block their progress. Experience and skill set requirements: You will be a talented, ambitious Developer (OOP) with ideally commercial experience in an object orientated language such as .Net, Java or even PHP. If you have experience in backend PHP****/**** and wish to take your skills to another level, contact me now On the other hand if you have worked in an OO language such as Java or .Net, the company will cross train you into PHP and its many facets in a few months. This unique opportunity will be filled quickly so if you are in a role at the moment and bored with the same **** conveyor belt of mundane projects, you definitely should be applying for this. If you re simply curious or would maybe like to find out more, I d be delighted to speak with you either by email or phone as below. CPL Contact: To apply or for further information, please contact Neil Corrigan **** **** **** **** or email your CV to neil.corrigancplni.com Keywords: , software developer, web developer, C, .Net, PHP, Java, OOP, object orientated programming, OOP, backend development, PHP development.
