Title: Java/C Developer, Greenfield Technology Project, Trading
Full Description: Java/C Developer, Greenfield Technology Project, Trading Systems Key words: Core Java, JEE, Multithreading, C, Silverlight, asp.net, C++, Oracle, SQL, XML, Greenfield, Scala, Haskell, F, Hedge Fund, London My client is one of Europe s biggest and most successful hedge funds. They are currently looking to build a completely new technology space from the ground up and are looking to recruit a new team of top tier software developers for this career defining project. They pride themselves on attracting the best, and are looking to add to their elite team where you will play a pivotal role on a global scale. Specifically you will be involved in designing and implementing their Greenfield trading system from the ground up. Facing off with senior technologists, quants and traders this is a highly visible role for an enthusiastic technologist who enjoys being close to the business and working both independently and collaboratively to achieve strategic objectives They are currently looking for Java/C developers at junior, mid and senior levels with experience of bleeding edge technologies on what will be their flagship platform. You will be a part of building a globally trading platform which is 100% Greenfield and business critical to the company s long term success. Reporting directly to the CTO and Head of Quant Trading you will primarily be responsible for using bleeding edge technology to drive the business forward. This will give you the chance to take ownership of your career and make a positive impact in a fast paced dynamic environment. This is turn will lead to rapid career progression and recognition on both a technical and business level. The ideal candidate will have some of the following key skills:  Core Java JEE experience, C Winforms, WPF or Silverlight, or C++ ideally dealing with real time systems  Multithreading and knowledge of RDBMS such as Oracle and SQL.  Top Tier academics in a numerical subject such as Computer Science, Maths, Physics or Engineering  Creative technologist, experience (commercial or otherwise) or Scala and Haskell is encouraged Current employees come from a variety of backgrounds and finance experience is not strictly necessary. The hiring manager would like to speak to candidates with a range of experience e.g. telecoms, media, consultancies etc. This opportunity will offer something above and beyond anything else in the City; this is career defining move for an enthusiastic technologist with zero bureaucracy, high visibility and a bonus structure with lucrative rewards. They will pay more than any Top Tier Investment Bank and will buy out bonuses for the right candidate. If you feel you are a good fit for the above role please send your CV direct This is an urgent requirement for talented and proven junior, mid and senior level OO developers. Allegis Group Limited and Aston Carter Limited operate Employment Businesses and Agencies and are companies within the Allegis Group Inc. group of companies, the fourth largest staffing company in the world, (collectively referred to as the Allegis Group ). TEKsystems and Aerotek are divisions of Allegis Group Limited. Applicant data will be treated in accordance with the Allegis Group s Privacy Notice http://www.allegisgroup.com/Privacy/Default.aspx). By submitting personal data to any company or division within the Allegis Group, the applicant is providing explicit consent to the use of such data by the Allegis Group and to the transfer of such data to and from the Allegis Group companies within the UK, Europe and outside the European Economic Area in connection with the fulfilment of the applicant s voluntary requests, and the fulfilment of other job opportunities that match the applicant s profile, and confirms that they may be contacted about such job opportunities. 
