Title: Software Developer | Java, Spring, Hibernate
Full Description: Software Developer | Java, Spring, Hibernate | The Company Are you Looking for a new, exciting opportunity to use cutting edge technologies within a fast paced environment? This opportunity is offering an excellent career within a leading technology organisation based in Leeds . This cutting edge technology company are looking for an enthusiastic Software Developer to join their high calibre software development team. Software Developer | Java, Spring, Hibernate | The Role You will be responsible for high end software from initial interaction up to implementation. You will be involved in all aspects of the Software design lifecycle whilst liaising with current software developers and reporting to the Software Development Team Lead. You will use your innovative architectural skills to ensure you design simple solutions which will be scalable, maintainable and easy to rectify. You will be coding using best practice whilst investigating, analysing and fixing reported defects. Software Developer | Java, Spring, Hibernate | Essential Skills Excellent Knowledge of Java Exposure to Spring and Hibernate Passionate and innovative Software Developer | Java, Spring, Hibernate | Desirable skills (NOT ESSENTIAL) Tomcat SVN Hudson Flex TDD (test driven development) If you are looking for an excellent opportunity and the next step in your career, this could be it. With this career change you will be joining a leading organisation whilst developing new skills. If you feel this is an opportunity for you, please forward your CV to lee.feeneynorthernemployment.co.uk for immediate consideration. Due to the high volume of applications we receive, we are sorry that it is not possible to respond to each applicant. Only those applicants who are considered suitable for the position will be contacted. If you have not heard from us within 14 days please assume that your application has been unsuccessful.We wish you well with your job search. Northernemployment Services are acting as an agency in regards to this advertisement. Software Developer | Java, Spring, Hibernate This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SoftwareDeveloperJavaSpringHibernate_job****
