Title: Senior Software Developer / Team Lead
Full Description: My client is a technology company  very entrepreneurial and innovation runs through their DNA from the founders up. They have a really strong culture  the team are motivated and excited about working together to solve problems every day. Layer these two together and you get a great tech working environment. My client makes clever products that solve real business problems. They have offices in San Francisco and New York, but the core technology team is based in London, where they are now seeking a talented engineer to be involved in building groundbreaking and compelling products. This exciting role will require someone who possesses the following skills: Substantial experience building web applications with a broad interest in programming languages such as Python, PHP, Perl. API experience, including integration and API design would be very impressive (we are a bit fanatical about APIs). Experience developing scalable web applications for highvolume sites on cloudbased infrastructure such as AWS is also highly desirable. On the backend  noSQL, MapReduce  experience working with huge datasets is a bonus. Version control with Git (or SVN). Demonstrable experience working with product managers to plan the development of complex products. Experience leading and mentoring less experienced colleagues within an Agile environment. Experience developing modular, scalable web applications for highvolume sites and cloudbased infrastructure such as Amazon Web Services. looking for someone who simply loves to code someone who thinks of it as recreation rather than work, and who has a stream of projects going on just for fun. You understand the importance of being datadriven, but you can also rely on your gut and intuition. You thrive in a lean, fastpaced environment that iterates quickly and love the thrill and madness of working in a startup environment. You have a sense of humour, are ambitious and love pushing the boundaries as much as we do. Key responsibilities: You will be leading a development team alongside three other teams, working closely with the CTO and the product team. You will be leading projects from start to finish  from idea brainstorming through to planning, guiding and implementation. They work towards an Agileesque, but not too regimented methodology. They have product demos every fortnight to celebrate the engineers work. The offices are conducive  lots of space and light, whiteboards everywhere and you get fast machines and big flat screens. The role is based in Shoreditch, London, right in the middle of Silicon Roundabout
