Title: Senior Net Developer  ASPNet, C  Liverpool
Full Description: Senior .Net Developers  C, ASP.Net Liverpool, Merseyside Salary: c****k  Benefits Package The Role: An exciting opportunity has arisen for an experienced Software Developer in the .Net Framework to join our client, who is a leading UK software / solutions provider and genuine market leader. You will play a key role developing cross platform applications and solutions covering Desktop, Web and Mobile, using the .Net Framework with ASP.Net and C. Key Skills: The ideal candidates will have proven commercial and technical development backgrounds in the .Net Framework, with full project lifecycle experience. You will have strong C development skills, along with solid web / presentation layer development using ASP.Net. You will also have solid Object Oriented / OO skills and good database skills in SQL Server 2000  **** You will ideally have experience in Test Driven Development (TDD) including Unit Testing and any Unit Testing Frameworks. Any experience in Microsoft Object Libraries, similar 3rd party API s / Plugins would also be beneficial. Your technical skills will be accompanied by excellent communication and documentation skills at all levels of business. The Company: This is a first class opportunity to join a genuine market leader with a great working environment, where you will be rewarded with genuine opportunities for ongoing progression, training and development, coupled with a very competitive salary and benefits package. Liverpool  Merseyside  North West. LA International Computer Consultants Ltd is an HMG Approved Consultancy and operates as an IT & Engineering Consultancy or as an Employment Business & Agency, depending upon the precise nature of the work, for security cleared jobs or non clearance vacancies, we welcome applications from all sections of the community and from people with diverse experience and backgrounds. Award Winning LA International Computer Consultants Ltd (Recruiter Awards for Excellence  Best IT, Best Public Sector & Gold Awards) 
