Title: Senior/ Engineer ****D Modeller/ Animator
Full Description: BMT Defence Services Ltd is the leading independent centre of engineering design, design support and technical services for defence customers. Our strong track record in defence projects which span air, land and naval domains is thanks to our people. The Information Systems Department creates innovative software applications for the Ministry of Defence and commercial organisations. The department is expanding its offering into augmented reality applications, gesture controlled systems and advanced 3D visualisations. We are currently looking for a 3D Animator to join our Information Systems Department. The candidate will be working within a team of energetic and creative software developers and so the ability to liaise and interact with team members and customers at a business level is also vital to this role. The 3D Animator will be working with the Information Systems and Marketing departments within BMT Defence Services. The various projects that the successful candidate will be responsible for include: • Development of 3D assets and animations for use within augmented reality applications within an engineering environment; • The design of innovative environments to allow customers to interact with our platform designs, potentially using gesture control; • Further development of concept designs for use in marketing publications (gloss, video, web); • Supporting the design of frontend elements of software, web and mobile applications. The ideal candidate will have experience in 3D modelling in either Maya or 3D Studio Max, along with experience in the production of animations of these models for insertion into other applications. Experience within gaming design would also be relevant but not essential. BMT is investing in the production of gesturebased and augmented reality systems and the candidate will have the opportunity to have creative input into these projects and drive some of the requirements. In return, we offer an excellent remuneration package with a competitive salary, bonus scheme, a competitive pension scheme, subsidised gym/sports membership, 25 days holiday, employee discounts, additional holiday purchase and more. If you would like to have an informal discussion about this role prior to applying please contact recruitment on **** **** **** or visit www.bmtdsl.co.uk/dslcareers
