Title: The Best Web Developer Job Ever  (Digital Agency)  Brighton
Full Description: THE BEST WEB DEVELOPER JOB EVER  (DIGITAL AGENCY)  BRIGHTON We could waffle on about the company or write a load of techno babble, however this is about you and your best job ever. Read on These are the reasons why we think it is the best Web Developer job ever:  Working on some of the latest technology, including .NET / ASP.NET (C), MVC, nHibernate, SQL Server, Python, Django, MongoDB, HTML5, CSS3, Knockout.JS, Responsive and adaptive web design.  Constantly innovating, problem solving and doing something different.  Working with fantastic people at companies such as Random House (one of the world s largest book publishers), iconic furniture and lighting design brand Tom Dixon and Porsche.  Working on a variety of projects from creative, scalable web based systems and mobile apps to product development and interactive touch screens.  Having regular training to learn new skills.  Working in Brighton, just a stone s throw from the sea.  Being part of a really talented team of people who will encourage your ideas.  Perks that include: competitive salary, gym membership, company pension, profit share, fresh fruit, regular socials. and as many games of pool as you can play  Being part of a successful award winning user experience, design development agency that is growing and investing in their staff.  A work / life balance that gives you more personal time with flexible working hours.  A great social culture. In return we are looking for the best developers with all levels of experience to grow this full service digital agency. With a proven history of working on cutting edge digital projects you will be excited by emerging technologies and naturally proficient in coding .NET / ASP.NET (C), or an alternative OO language to a very high standard with a really good working knowledge of the latest front end technologies. If you ve been thinking about relocating to the best city in the UK (in our opinion), you already live nearby, or if you are sick of tubes and train journeys (who isn t), then send us your CV, tell us about yourself and inspire us. Keywords: .NET Developer, .NET/C Developer, Web Developer, Software Developer, DotNet, .NET Software Developer, Software Engineer, .NET, C, Back End Developer, Applications Developer, .NET Applications Developer, Senior Developer, Web Programmer, .NET Development Jobs in Brighton, ASP.NET, OO, Web Development Jobs in Brighton, Brighton, East Sussex, BN**** Guru are an employment business renowned for delivering careers networking to the Digital / Development sector. In this instance Guru are managing the selection process for this particular Web Developer campaign on the behalf of our client. We offer a transparent service to both clients and candidates which means that if you pass our initial filtering criteria (based on your CV suitability against our client s requirements) we will email you with the client s details and also pass your complete application to the client for consideration. By applying to this role you are granting consent for us to work in this way. One final note, your application will only be used in conjunction with this specific role.
