Title: Back End NET Developer
Full Description: About the Client Our Client is a cash rich, internationally renowned Investment Management Firm, based in Bermuda, that manage funds within the Equities space. They strive to attract individuals who have a demonstrated ability to excel. They are currently building up their development team in Central London. About the Role We are seeking a .Net Software Developer (Back End) to join the London based Development Team. You’ll be responsible for working with the business team to gather requirements and design, implement, test, deploy and maintain system applications and platforms. Furthermore you’ll be conducting extensive, exciting research on emerging technologies. Candidate Requirements Candidates are required to be extremely strong working with Object Oriented programming languages (C, VB.Net and / or Java), with additional extensive expertise working with backend system development (relational database, transactional, messaging and multithreaded systems). Experience in Domain Driven Design, Codefirst entity modeling (POCO / POJO), WCF, WPF, nHibernate and SQL Server are all highly advantageous. You should have demonstrable experience working in an Agile environment, working on large scale web applications. You should come from either a ‘start up’ or top tier technology or financial services firm. About CML CML is the leading staffing solutions company across Offshore Jurisdictions. Based in the Cayman Islands, we specialize and offer resourcing services across Financial Services, IT, Legal Industries, Trust, Administration and Support Services. Furthermore we offer an extensive Human Resources and Immigration service tailor made for Client requirements. Traditional jurisdictions covered include: Cayman Islands, Bermuda, Hong Kong, BVI, Jersey and Guernsey. For more information please visit our website – www.cmlor.com About London London is one of the most culturally diverse, cosmopolitan cities in the world. There’s not a great deal that we can say that you won’t already know With an incredible array of clubs, bars, restaurants, sports teams, sites, shopping and much more you certainly won’t be bored in your spare time This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/BackEndNETDeveloper_job****
