Title: Net Web Software Developer
Full Description: .NET Web Software Developer Skills: ASP.NET, C, HTML, CSS, jQuery, JavaScript Summary: We have an immediate opening for a .NET Web Software Developer in Norcross. The ideal candidate will be a forwardthinking member of the web development community with a minimum of 2 years' experience using Microsoft Technologies. We seek someone with expertise in .NET (C, ASP.NET, ADO.NET) development skills. The .NET developer will be responsible for the development and delivery of software implementations and custom web applications from concept to completion. You will work on many new projects for a variety of clients across various industries (Retail, Education, Financial, etc.), building custom development for unique business needs. In this small but growing department, there will be a lot of opportunities to contribute, while making a difference on dynamic applications for the Web. A lot of these projects are public facing websites that are visited by thousands of users. You will have an opportunity to participate in all phases of the development life cycle. As we expand our team, you will have a major impact on shaping the group in terms of guidelines, processes and best practices. Our client is a rapidly growing developer of on demand web application management software and solutions. If you have a desire to grow with a dynamic company, make a major difference within the organization, have great advancement opportunities and thrive on working in a fast paced, exciting environment, then this opportunity may be for you. Our client is ready to hire Responsibilities: Participate in the design, development, and at times testing, of web applications using Microsoft Technologies. Maintenance of existing web applications. Develop software in accordance with agreed upon schedules and established best practices. Qualifications: Must be authorized to work in the United States on a permanent basis Minimum 2 years application development experience using Microsoft .NET Technologies In depth knowledge of: .NET **** Framework (C, ASP.NET, ADO.NET) HTML, XML, Javascript/jQuery Microsoft Visual Studio/Debugging Techniques SQL Server IIS/Hosting Environments Web Services Microsoft Certification/Knowledge of other programming languages a plus Experience/Knowledge of Content Management Systems a plus Benefits: Medical, Dental, Long/ShortTerm Disability, Supplemental Life Insurance, FSA (Flexible Spending), ****k.
