Title: Software Developer | Net C or VBNet SQL Server
Full Description: The Company An excellent opportunity has arisen within an exciting client of mine based in Cheshire ,Knutsford. This leading organisation is heavily involved in the healthcare sector and have been established for over 10 years. Due to the success of the business they are now looking for an enthusiastic Software Developer with C .Net skills to join their industry leading Software Development team. They currently partner some of the largest clients across the UK, Europe and far East. With excellent working conditions, package and benefits this is an exciting time to join them. Software Developer | .Net C or VB.Net SQL Server | The Role  You will be involved in the full lifecycle of Software Development with the .Net framework.  You will be developing web based applications as well as desktop applications.  You will use your innovation to improve the development team approach to development.  You will liaise with new and existing clients to turn business requirements into technical specifications. Software Developer Essential Skills | .Net (C or VB.Net) SQL Sever  .Net C And/or VB.Net  SQL Server  Passionate  Excellent Communication Skills Software Developer Benefits and Package on offer 25 Days Holidays Personal Pension Plan Life Insurance Private Medical Insurance Discretionary Bonus This is an excellent opportunity to join a very interesting company currently working in partnership with some of the largest clients in the Healthcare sector. The offices are located in the sought after area of Cheshire , Knutsford. If you feel you profile is as a good match for this role, do not hesitate to forward your CV to lee.feeneynorthernemployment.co.uk for immediate consideration. Northern Employment is acting as an employment agency in regards to this advertisement. Due to the high volume of applications we receive, we are sorry that it is not possible to respond to each applicant. Only those applicants who are considered suitable for the position will be contacted. If you have not heard from us within 14 days please assume that your application has been unsuccessful.We wish you well with your job search. Software Developer | .Net C or VB.Net SQL Server This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SoftwareDeveloperNetC%****orVBNetSQLServer_job****
