Title: IT Graduate Scheme / Software Developer (Java, C++, JavaScript)
Full Description: IT Graduate Scheme / Software Developer (Java, C++, JavaScript) Our client is a world leader in Financial Derivatives trading. Through their award winning brands, our client offers Contracts for Difference (CFDs) and financial Spread Betting to a global audience of over **** clients. As an established member of the FTSE 250, they have a market capitalisation of ****bn (December 2012), and handle millions of transactions each month. Their modern head office is based near Cannon Street Station, overlooking the City of London, and they also have offices across Europe, US, Japan, Singapore and Australia. Position: IT Graduate Scheme / Graduate Developer Location: Central London (nearest tube Cannon Street) Salary: Circa **** (plus excellent benefits including bonuses) Closing Date: 28th February 2013 THE IT GRADUATE SCHEME: The IT Graduate Scheme / Graduate Developer programme is structured over 12 months rotating through Business, Operational and IT areas. Working in an Agile environment, you will receive focussed handson training to jump start your role. You will be expected to commit code in your first Sprint. Much of your development will be on the job and you will be actively supported and encouraged to attain high levels of performance through a combination of training and mentoring. Your mentor will support your transition from trainee to fullyfledged Developer and help you to consider how you can best further your career. ESSENTIAL SKILLS / EXPERIENCE: a) You must be predicted to attain, or already have achieved, a minimum 2:1 degree in Computer Science, Engineering or a Science based course with an emphasis on numeracy. b) A passion for programming and IT technologies. c) Real world programming experience, for example: Open Source Projects, a significant University project or a Commercial experience. d) Experience in Java, JavaScript or C++. You must have experience in at least one of these as there will be a detailed test on your preferred language at the Assessment Centre. e) Strong analytical and problemsolving skills. f) Excellent attention to detail. g) Genuine team player with excellent communication skills. h) Strong verbal and written communication skills (fluent English is essential). i) An interest in financial markets and an understanding of IG's products. Candidates to submit a CV and covering letter. The covering letter to include: evidence of real world programming experience (what you enjoyed and found challenging), why you would you like to work for us, what you can offer us, evidence of your understanding of financial services and IG's Products You may have experience of the following: IT Graduate Software Developer, Trainee Analyst Programmer, Junior Java Developer, IT Graduate, Computer Science, C++ Developer, Trainee Scheme, JavaScript Web Developer, IT Graduate Software Engineer, Web Application Developer, IT Graduate Programme, J2EE, Junior Java Programmer, Graduate Developer, This vacancy is being advertised by Easy Web Recruitment, the UK's leading Online Recruitment Agency. The services advertised by Easy Web Recruitment are those of an employment agency. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/ITGraduateSchemeSoftwareDeveloperJavaC++JavaScript_job****
