Title: Graduate Software Developer  ****k  Banking  Java, Guice
Full Description: Graduate Software Developer  ****k Banking  Java, Guice This is a fantastic opportunity to join one of the fastest growing, most successful hedge funds in London. Opportunities for training, travel and career progression exist for successful candidate. You will be working with a best of breed group of C and Java developers with many years of combined experience. The successful candidate will be a Computer Science, Maths or Engineering graduate. A track record of achievement is essential; my client s interview process is rigorous. Fresh graduates or those with experience are encouraged to apply; salaries are market leading and bonus for high performers are regularly a multiple of the base salary. You could be building algorithmic trading systems or looking at how to optimise performance for high frequency low latency trading. You will learn about mission critical, fault tolerant highly scalable systems, optimisation techniques, trading algorithms and supercomputing. You will work with large data sets (big data) and as such work with Hadoop and MapR. All the latest Java and .Net open source technologies are in use here so candidates are guaranteed an education in bleeding edge technology. The firm is grown organically and success rewarded; your career will be fast tracked in the direction you are looking to move in. For immediate feedback send your CV or covering letter to Matthew Clark, . Allegis Group Limited and Aston Carter Limited operate Employment Businesses and Agencies and are companies within the Allegis Group Inc. group of companies, the fourth largest staffing company in the world, (collectively referred to as the Allegis Group ). TEKsystems and Aerotek are divisions of Allegis Group Limited. Applicant data will be treated in accordance with the Allegis Group s Privacy Notice http://www.allegisgroup.com/Privacy/Default.aspx). By submitting personal data to any company or division within the Allegis Group, the applicant is providing explicit consent to the use of such data by the Allegis Group and to the transfer of such data to and from the Allegis Group companies within the UK, Europe and outside the European Economic Area in connection with the fulfilment of the applicant s voluntary requests, and the fulfilment of other job opportunities that match the applicant s profile, and confirms that they may be contacted about such job opportunities. 
