Title: Senior Software Developer
Full Description: Senior Software Developer  **** to **** (depending upon experience)  Central Manchester. A very exciting opportunity to join a wellestablished and successful business in the professional services industry located in Central Manchester as a Senior Software Developer / Senior Analyst Programmer. My client is looking to recruit an experienced and innovative Senior Software Developer, that can support the business and its objectives through the provision of technical knowledge and expert web solutions within the core technologies of ASP.net, IIS (Internet Information Services), MS SQL Server and VMWare. Additionally some experience of Sharepoint would also be highly sought after. This post will be a key position in designing secure, scalable, effective web based solutions and the global infrastructure platform supporting these solutions for clients. You will be accountable for the solutions proposed and their implementation. You will need to work in a collaborative manner with technical support, infrastructure team, security team and sales and services. You will also be expected to work with external suppliers and 3rd parties on solutions. This is an excellent opportunity for an experienced Senior Software Developer, with some understanding of Architecture principals to play an instrumental part in helping this Company exploit first to market opportunities in the cloud space. You will take part in business requirements discussions, and follow through to key stakeholders with the design and presentation of technical solutions and workflows that will include the costs, alternative options, risk and issues. The ideal candidate will hold a professional qualification and/or University Degree in an IT or computing discipline, and have at least 5 years relevant experience in designing and implanting enterprise level, customer facing, secure web solutions  ideally in the cloud. Demonstrable experience in solid ASP.net and SQL software development is essential, an ideally you will have some experience of team leading or mentoring junior staff. An understanding of infrastructure technology such as VMWare, SAN and NAS would be very beneficial. This is genuinely exciting and varied position with an ever growing, FTSE listed business with growth aspirations and a successful track record. Keywords: Analyst Programmer, Senior Software Developer, ASP, VMWare, Architecture, Team Leader, SQL, IIS This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/SeniorSoftwareDeveloper_job****
