Title: Software Development Manager
Full Description: Software Development Manager  Farnborough  up to 60,000 My client, a boutique software company based in Farnborough requires a highly skilled Hands on Software Development Manager with excellent experience of the .NET framework, experience of full software development lifecycle and system delivery. Theyre looking for a senior level Software Manager to manage the delivery of their Software Solutions and this will include managing system production, full software development lifecycle and system delivery as well as solid man management skills and experience of running a small but successful team of Developers, Testers, Project Managers and Business Analysts in an agile environment. Although this is a managerial role, you will have excellent technical knowledge and hands on development skills in an agile environment (.NET, C) and ideally still practice these skills in some capacity in your current role. The successful candidate will need to have excellent problem solving skills, planning and estimation skills and will have experience of acceptance testing. Ideally you will have a degree in either Computer Science or Mathematics (or an equivalent). You will have experience of working in a small to medium Software Development Company although this is not essential as long as your technical skills have been gained on enterprise level, highly technical development projects. Skills and experience:  Experience managing medium to large complex projects.  C, .NET (Visual Studio 2012)  Silverlight ****  Team Foundation Server (including implementing and using TFS for bug tracking and automated builds)  SQL Server 2008 R2  Technical background as a software developer or technical architect.  SOLID software development principals  Coding standards  Agile (Scrum) development practices To apply for this role, please forward your CV to Andy Strange, Alecto Recruitment Ltd. andyalectorecruitment.com or call **** **** **** in strict confidence. Alecto Recruitment Limited is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy. If your experience matches please forward your CV immediately. We thank all applicants who respond, but only those short listed will be contacted.
