Title: Web Developer
Full Description: This is a fantastic opportunity for a Web Software Developer to join a leading Crawley based Software House. You will have a complete understanding of all aspects of the development compass and thrive on being a member of a fast moving and respected development team, built on both success and team spirit. Specific Duties  Take prime responsibility for development of specific products or parts of products.  Provide technical expertise and guidance where required both within the development team and across other departments e.g. Support and Commercial where appropriate.  Perform research, design, coding and testing in accordance with the Company s standards.  Carry out development tasks as described in the software development Project Plans.  Report progress on development tasks in a timely manner to the Project Leader.  Be responsive to changes within scheduled work and reactive to high priority situations.  Develop new products or enhancements to existing products in line with product requirements definitions and to contribute to future development plans.  Produce project documentation in accordance with the Company s standards.  Resolve software defects in products reported by customers, working in conjunction with representatives from the highly reputable Support Teams.  Liaise with other departments and across all levels of the Company.  Review draft product documentation as produced by the Technical Authors and provide feedback where required.  Assist in producing test plans and resolution of software defects found during testing.  To stay abreast of advances in technology relating to product development.  Undertake other technical duties that may from time to time be required. Requirements  A track record in Web Application Development role with full development life cycle.  Methodical and proactive approach to work.  Thorough approach to product software testing.  Self motivated with aptitude for hard work and flexibility.  Excellent written and verbal communication skills.  Ability to work alone as well as being a strong team player.  Ability to work with and understand highly complex computer systems software. Mandatory Skills Required:  JavaScript  HTML  CSS  Web design  Windows and either Linux or UNIX  Computer Science degree ****:**** or above  Experience of modern development methods and practices Desirable Skills:  AJAX  JSON  XML  Web services/SOAP  HTML5 (CSS3, SVG, Canvas, etc)  Apache, Tomcat, IIS  Understanding of J****EE and Eclipse  Java  C/C++  SQL  IBM Mainframes Reed Specialist Recruitment Limited is an employment agency and employment business
