Title: Software Developers
Full Description: Our client is a leading international supplier of technology to the legal and professional services sectors, part of a multinational publishing company, the organisation has gone through a period of massive expansion and its software products are used by many of the the leading law firms both in the UK and overseas. With business going through a period of rapid expansion, it is now seeking three further C, .Net software developers to join its team in Northampton. The role will involve the following: Develops and integrates applications as per architect specifications. Carries out unit testing, ensuring application meets needs of the business. Translates technical requirements and design documentation into application code and modules. May provide technical support to operations or other development teams Contributes to and maintains technical documentation / manual related to assigned components to ensure supportability. Makes suggestions for problem solutions or software enhancements, working with more senior developers. Implements solutions as directed within standards and with guidance from more senior engineers. Participates in project planning sessions with team members to analyse development requirements. May work on smaller, minimally complex projects or a particular system or application within larger projects that requires a singular area of expertise Provides status updates for own scope of work within projects. Participates in internal team and status meetings. Develops software using disciplined software development processes, adhering to industry standards and software best practice guidelines. Accountable for the quality of own work, delivered within agreed procedures and timeframes, and focused on internal and/or external customer needs. Impact is contained to their specific tasks within their immediate project/development team. Technical / Professional Skills Competencies Knowledge of the C programming languages within a Microsoft .Net environment. Aware of software engineering methodologies, software development tools. Works with other technical staff to gain deeper knowledge of code and business area. Good interteam communication working as part of a team, completing varied work assignments and assisting others in their work as required. The company offer excellent career prospects and a generous benefits package.
