Title: User Interface Developer (JavaScript, jQuery, Ajax, UI)
Full Description: User Interface (UI) Software Developer (JavaScript, jQuery, PHP, YUI, Ajax) Location: London Package : ****K to ****K plus benefits Description Here is an opportunity to join a leading financial and benefits service provider and build a software engineering capability from the ground up. The company has an existing web based employee benefits software platform and is looking to build a software development team from scratch to radically enhance and redevelop product. The product provides a service to employers and their employees that helps manage and communicate employee benefits such as pensions, medical insurance and childcare vouchers. A key short term aim is to bring a pensions autoenrolment enhancement to market and a longer term aim is to conceive and develop an international offering. Job purpose To design and deliver exceptional, leading edge user interface for our online benefits platform. Our client's platform is used to provide a service to employers and their employees that helps manage and communicate employee benefits such as pensions, medical insurance and childcare vouchers. A key short term aim is to bring a pensions autoenrolment enhancement to market and a longer term aim is to conceive and develop an international offering. Job responsibilities / Primary responsibilities User interface design, documentation and implementation Quality assurance through preventative techniques and testing methodologies Person specification The “gloss” of the product is critical in order to demonstrate well. The usability of the product is also critical as many users are infrequent visitors to the application and the information and concepts they are trying to get across are quite complicated. We’re looking for a selfmotivated individual who eats, breathes and sleeps user interfaces and comes from more of a software engineering background rather than graphic design. The UI designer will be responsible for turning the system concepts into user reality and for making sure that the UI works across all browsers and display devices. Engineering skills University education with a good degree in Engineering, Computer Science or similar subject Philosophically attuned to the Linux / Open Source world Experienced with web technology and languages e.g. HTML, XML, AJAX, JavaScript etc. Record of ontime delivery Desirable A minimum of 8 years’ experience in web design and web development. Appreciation of serverside technologies such as PHP, SQL and “noSQL” databases Knowledge of YUI and jQuery libraries Experience of product internationalisation Familiar with operating in an agile development environment Aria Select Ltd is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/UserInterfaceDeveloperJavaScriptjQueryAjaxUI_job****
