Title: Net Software Developer
Full Description: Our client is the world's fastest source for custom CNC machined parts and injection moulded parts. With our Firstcut and Protomold services, you get real materials, real functionality, and real value in as little as one business day. Our client revolutionised their industry by developing proprietary computing technologies and automated manufacturing processes that enable us to create real parts, really fast. This success is fuelled by their cuttingedge, internallydeveloped software, and our fastpaced, casual work environment is driven by employees who thrive on innovative thinking making this not only a great place to work, but also one of the fastest growing companies in the UK. The Role We are looking for an experienced .Net Software Developer to join our Business Software team. This team takes pride in creative problem solving, innovation through collaboration, and using some of the coolest technology available. As a member of the Business Software team you will work with other topnotch developers: Developing new features and functionality using the very latest developer tooling for our internal and external websites and applications running on the Microsoft stack including ASP .Net, Web Services, and SQL Server, covering all aspects of the business. Participating in problem analysis with business users and helping to determine software solutions and enhancements. Enhancing our order management, ecommerce, CRM and intranet manufacturing applications. Providing maintenance break/fix support for internal websites and helping to triage support issues to other areas of development. The Candidate The role will appeal to an individual capable of working in a pressurised environment. You will have the initiative to approach challenges with enthusiasm and the ability to react to rapid changes in prioritisation whilst maintaining a clear focus on the company objectives. Required: A degree or equivalent in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or related field Demonstrate experience of .Net development Proficient in C, Visual Studio, MSSQL, HTML, JavaScript Experience with multiple .Net patterns and platform technologies like client/server, ASP .Net sites, web services, WCF endpoints, SOA, or MVC Desirable: Experience utilising agile software practices or working in an agile environment using: oscrum software development practices oautomated unit testing ocontinuous integration ocode reviews oversion control systems (e.g. Subversion, Git, or Mercurial) Strong communication skills and work ethic Demonstrated history of staying current on best practices in technology Benefits 22 days holiday  Bank Holidays Company bonus Scheme Company Pension Scheme Excellent working environment WCF, SOA, MVC, ASP.Net, MSSQL, HTML, C, Visual Studio, .Net, Computer Science, Git, Subversion, Mercurial WCF, SOA, MVC, ASP.Net, MSSQL, HTML, C, Visual Studio, .Net, Computer Science, Git, Subversion, Mercurial WCF, SOA, MVC, ASP.Net, MSSQL, HTML, C, Visual Studio, .Net, Computer Science, Git, Subversion, Mercurial WCF, SOA, MVC, ASP.Net, MSSQL, HTML, C, Visual Studio, .Net, Computer Science, Git, Subversion, Mercurial WCF, SOA, MVC, ASP.Net, MSSQL, HTML, C, Visual Studio, .Net, Computer Science, Git, Subversion, Mercurial ALL APPLICANTS MUST BE FREE TO WORK IN THE UK FREE FROM THE RESTRICTIONS OF VISA'S AND WORK PERMITS. Exposed Solutions is acting as an employment agency to this client. Please note that no terminology in this advert is intended to discriminate on the grounds of age, and we confirm that we will gladly accept applications from persons of any age for this role. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/NetSoftwareDeveloper_job****
