Title: Java, Senior Developer, London
Full Description: My client is one of the worlds leading media information companies. They are looking for a number of talented software developers to join a Java agile software development team building the very latest in online television software. This product will permit customers to stream or download movies, TV shows, Sport, News etc direct to their computer, Smartphone or tablet allowing the user to watch their favourite shows anywhere at anytime. This is a unique Greenfield development project using the latest techniques and technologies to help build a fast robust service for over 10 million customers. Candidates need to have a good understanding of Java and be willing to learn new technologies. Below is a list of the technologies the team currently use, you DO NOT need to know all of these just want to learn them. o Java / Groovy / Grails / Ruby o HTML5 / CSS3 / JavaScript / jQuery o Spring Core / Spring MVC / MVC Design Pattern o Bash Scripting / NoSQL / MongoDB o Agile (Scrum / Kanban) / TDD (Jasmine, QUnit / JUnit) / XP / BDD / Continuous Integration (Hudson) Not only will you get to learn and work in some of the most cutting edge technologies you will also be given the opportunity to take on more responsibility, own parts of the project and mentor other developers. The team use Pair Programming so you have the opportunity to work and learn of some of the top developers in London as well as teach others. Candidates should have a good academic background and be enthusiastic learns. You should be technically pro active and enjoy reading up on the latest technologies, blogs, etc… If you are interested please send your CV to me directly. Lewis allison Allegis Group Limited and Aston Carter Limited operate Employment Businesses and Agencies and are companies within the Allegis Group Inc. group of companies, the fourth largest staffing company in the world, (collectively referred to as the 'Allegis Group'). TEKsystems and Aerotek are divisions of Allegis Group Limited. Applicant data will be treated in accordance with the Allegis Group's Privacy Notice http://www.allegisgroup.com/Privacy/Default.aspx). By submitting personal data to any company or division within the Allegis Group, the applicant is providing explicit consent to the use of such data by the Allegis Group and to the transfer of such data to and from the Allegis Group companies within the UK, Europe and outside the European Economic Area in connection with the fulfilment of the applicant's voluntary requests, and the fulfilment of other job opportunities that match the applicant's profile, and confirms that they may be contacted about such job opportunities. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/JavaSeniorDeveloperLondon_job****
