Title: C Developer, Algorithmic Trading Fund
Full Description: C Developer, Algorithmic Trading Fund, Finance, London Key words: C, Java, C++, Greenfield, high frequency algorithmic trading, architecture, quantitative finance, London My client is an elite hedge fund with an emphasis on high frequency algorithmic trading. Business is primarily focussed on their technical arm which includes software developers, quant analysts and quant traders. The environment can be described a financial research fund, where trading models are designed, researched and developed. They are looking for a C developer to enhance the existing platform whilst working within a tight knit team to develop new trading systems. Greenfield software development is part of their core business strategy, and you will joining a dedicated team to help drive trading operations. Development is in C, but proven ability in Java and C++ will be considered. The development team work closely with the business to respond quickly to business requirements, making this a dynamic career opportunity to hone your technical expertise working alongside one of London s premier development teams. Your career will also benefit from the business exposure and your interaction with aspects of their technology and unique distributed systems. This is a technically challenging role for an enthusiastic C software developer with a genuine passion for technology and the financial markets. The focus is on quality, using technology to spearhead the business going forward and consolidate their position as London s premier algorithmic trading fund. Key Skills:  Experience in C / C++ / Java programming  Academics  ****:1 or 1st from a top university in a numerical subject. Masters or Phd level may be beneficial but not necessary.  Proven ability to develop high quality software  Appreciation of software architecture. Working in Central London on Greenfield development projects for an algorithmic trading hedge fund, this is an excellent opportunity for a C software developer to progress in a competitive and fast paced industry. Money is no object, you will benefit from lucrative City bonuses in addition to the many prospects and challenges in a high frequency algorithmic trading environment. Knowledge of financial markets is not required. If you feel you are a strong fit for this role please send your CV direct Allegis Group Limited and Aston Carter Limited operate Employment Businesses and Agencies and are companies within the Allegis Group Inc. group of companies, the fourth largest staffing company in the world, (collectively referred to as the Allegis Group ). TEKsystems and Aerotek are divisions of Allegis Group Limited. Applicant data will be treated in accordance with the Allegis Group s Privacy Notice http://www.allegisgroup.com/Privacy/Default.aspx). By submitting personal data to any company or division within the Allegis Group, the applicant is providing explicit consent to the use of such data by the Allegis Group and to the transfer of such data to and from the Allegis Group companies within the UK, Europe and outside the European Economic Area in connection with the fulfilment of the applicant s voluntary requests, and the fulfilment of other job opportunities that match the applicant s profile, and confirms that they may be contacted about such job opportunities. 
