Title: Senior Software Developer  LAMP  Strong Object Oriented PERL/PHP Ski
Full Description: Job Specification  Senior Software Developer  LAMP  Object Oriented  PERL/PHP Company We are a small dynamic company, established in June **** which provides a comprehensive and highly functional set of electronic services to support posttrade processing in the Securities Lending, and Repo markets. Our client base includes most of the toptier financial institutions in these markets throughout the world. Our services are recognised as the best of breed in this space, and our ability to provide services which perform faster and are more functionally rich, user friendly and innovative than our competitors is well known. Our focus on service, quality, flexibility and innovation enables us to exceed client expectations and we are widely regarded as the users' service provider of choice. We offer the opportunity to work in a small company with other skilled professionals, delivering to the highest standards and providing outstanding client service, where good work is both recognised and rewarded. Position The position is for a Senior Software Developer working to develop, enhance, maintain and support the company's hosted services. The applications delivering the services have an interactive user interface delivered as secure dynamic web pages over the Internet as well as a significant server based data processing components and behindthescenes data transfer systems. Candidates will be expected to work on all technical aspects of the system  developing new services and features, resolving issues, enhancing functionality, integrating new financial institutions and providing technical support on a rostered basis. Role The role is for a genie of the LAMP with strong OO Perl skills; someone who enjoys creating a feature, component or service from conception through to delivery, and who then enjoys seeing their code in action on a daily basis. The role encompasses the following activities: Design, code, test and release new features and enhancements Undertake and manage technical data integration of new clients Develop tools to improve internal processes and maintain quality of service Investigate and fix software issues in existing systems Support and monitor production systems on a rota basis Provide technical assistance to end users by telephone and email Document code, interfaces, services and procedures as appropriate Administer our Servers, as and when required Update management with progress on assigned tasks, and identify issues/delays/dependencies in good time Identify opportunities for system/process improvements or new features Work autonomously or as a team member in an adhoc team There is the potential for increased or additional responsibility depending on aptitude and experience.
