Title: ASPNet / C Developer ndash; Software Developer ( MVC ) ndash;Der
Full Description: ASP.Net / C Developer  Software Developer ( MVC )  Derbyshire  Exceptional opportunity to join a rapidly growing team in The East Midlands with an incredible success rate My client has an opening for an ASP.Net MVC / C solutions Developer to join a software team and work alongside other ASP.Net MVC Developers. Ideal for .Net Developers with MVC framework experience looking to gain involvement in endtoend development and shine within this business. Skills: You should have solid ASP.Net / C skills. It is essential that you are aware of MVC and ideally have used ASP.Net / C with MVC within a commercial environment. You will develop full life cycle solutions so an awareness of frontend development skills would be an advantage  HTML, CSS, JavaScript / JQuery / JSON. You should ideally have knowledge of Entity framework and Dependancy injection  or be willing to learn FAST You will work in an agile environment so knowledge of this methodology would be useful. As an ASP.Net / C Developer you would be working in a small team so you need to be a good communicator and be able to work with people at differing levels, build business relationships and articulate your ideas. You should also be selfmotivated and enjoy being accountable for your solutions. Responsibilities: You will design and develop complex applications for customers and implement systems for the business to aid efficiency. The Development team is paramount to the company and you will make continual improvements as well as lead new projects forward. Company: My client is a very dynamic and innovating technology company with success throughout the UK. Work with leading technologies for a financially regulated company To apply please send your CV today or call me on (Apply online only) for more information. See more opportunities at: (url removed) Skills: ASP.Net MVC, C, .Net, Entity framework, Dependency Injection, Software Developer, Web Developer, ASP.Net MVC Developer Location: Derbyshire, commutable from Derby, Mansfield, Nottingham and Loughborough Senitor Associates Ltd is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy
