Title: Junior Software Developer – API
Full Description: High calibre API software developer is required for a leading luxury UK brand in Central London, up to ****k An innovative UK brand requires a high calibre Junior API Software Developer to join their immensely talented IT team in Central London near Westminster / Hyde Park. You will be working in fantastic offices for an IT team that has grown rapidly through success in the last few years. The company offer focussed career progression excellent training and the opportunity for you to bring new ideas and technologies to the team. This role is suitable for high calibre junior software professionals and salary will be based on experience and ability. You will be delivering enterprise level API solutions to the business and will become an expert API developer helping evolve the company’s digital strategy. You must have excellent communications as you will be dealing directly with business users to gather requirements, scope solutions and assess business cases. You must be able to build long lasting relationships within the business and understand the company’s future API roadmap. You will design, plan and implement new API solutions through a variety of tools and technologies (listed below). Technologies used in the role (ideally you will have some exposure to one or more technologies but at the least have the ability and desire to learn them •ESB inc. Cloud/Saas Integration (IBM Cast Iron or similar) •XSLT •MQ Technology (vendor specific or Open Source) •ETL tools (Informatica or similar) •API Gateway technology (protocol mediation and access control) •Salesforce (SOAP and REST API, Apex) •Agile development •Continuous Integration & Source control •HTTP server configuration including web, reverse proxy, CDN and SSL •Web relevant Security Protocols (SAML, OAuth) Personal skills: •University degree in Computer Science or similar •Passionate about learning new technologies and applying enterprise standards to innovation •Experience working in small to medium size project teams – experience can be a gap year or industry software experience •Self motivated with attention to detail •Good analytical and problemsolving skills •Ability to prioritise and execute tasks under pressure Junior Software Developer – API is paying up to ****k per annum  benefits – this is dependent on experience and ability To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK Matchtech is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy.
