Title: Development Manager
Full Description: The Company My client is a market leading software solutions provider. As part of their continued success they are looking to recruit an experienced Development Manager to join their friendly, yet highly professional team. This is a fantastic opportunity to join a company, committed to the personal growth and development of its employees. Role: Development Manager, Dev Manager Location: Knutsford. Commutable by car from Manchester, Warrington, Crewe, StokeonTrent, Macclesfield, Chester. Remuneration: Excellent market rate  car allowance  pension  private medical  life assurance  benefits. An established and very successful software house are seeking an experienced Development Manager to head up a team of 12 Software Developers. To be considered for this role you MUST have: Solid commercial experience of working as a Development Manager managing a team of development people and their associated projects. It would be highly beneficial to have experience of managing multiple teams and/or concurrent projects. Demonstrable experience of developing staff, measuring and/or improving performance and working with individuals to put development plans in place. A strong background in software development – it is likely that the successful candidate will have come from a development / programmer background and worked their way up the management ladder. Demonstrable experience taking ownership of projects. Commercial experience and understanding of object orientated design and development. Experience of estimating work accurately. Commercial experience of formal project management methodologies and development methodologies e.g. Agile, Waterfall, RAD etc. Knowledge and experience of software quality assurance procedures e.g. system, unit, black box etc. Excellent communication skills (written and verbal) – successful candidates will have the ability to liaise effectively with all levels within the business. Ability to prioritise and reprioritise workloads as required. The Role As a Development Manager you you will: Manage a team of 12 Software Engineers in the development of high quality, best in class solutions within the time frames agreed. Take ownership for the delivery of projects including estimating timescales and revising or reporting changes as required, working with leads to create and maintain plans, holding regular meetings to ensure team members are fully informed of the wider development picture as well as milestones and deliverable dates. Ensure stakeholders are kept up to date with project status’. Complete appraisals of direct reports and support team leaders for appraisals they complete. This will also include helping to create development plans for team members and taking direct actions to ensure team members are engaged, committed and motivated. Applications must be made via our website  www.strikejobs.co.uk  or click the Apply button below
