Title: Java Developer, Algo Trading Fund
Full Description: Java Developer, Algorithmic Trading, Hedge Fund, London Key words: Core Java, Python, Multithreading, Oracle, SQL, XML, Greenfield, Scala, Haskell, Fixed Income, Hedge Fund, London My client is one of the City s most technically driven hedge funds. Most recently they have attributed much of their success to their software developers and the quality of the systems they build. They pride themselves on attracting the best Java developers in London, and are looking to add to their elite team of technologists to play a pivotal role on a global scale. Specifically you will be working on their fixed income trading system in the London offices. Sitting alongside technologists, quants and traders this is a highly visible role for an enthusiastic technologist who enjoys being close to the business and working both independently and collaboratively to achieve strategic objectives. The fund is one of the most creative in terms of technology, you are given a significant amount of freedom. Current employees regularly contribute to opensource libraries and are generally active in the technology community, for example attending Java conferences and becoming involved in the Scala, F and Haskell groups. They are currently looking for Java developers with experience of multithreading and evidence of working on complex and interesting projects to work with bleeding edge technologies on their flagship fixed income trading platform. Reporting directly to the CTO and Head of Trading you will primarily be responsible for using Core Java technology to drive the business forward. Due to their recent growth projects will be largely Greenfield, or high performance enhancements to low latency, high throughput systems. This is a great chance to take ownership of your career and make a positive impact in a fast paced dynamic environment.  Core Java experience, ideally dealing with complex real time/low latency/high throughput systems  Python  Agile  Multithreading and knowledge of RDBMS such as Oracle and SQL.  Top Tier academics in a numerical subject such as Computer Science, Maths, Physics or Engineering Current employees come from a variety of backgrounds and finance experience is not strictly necessary. The hiring manager would like to speak to candidates with a range of experience e.g. telecoms, media, consultancies etc. The emphasis is on offering something above and beyond a mainstream development role; this is a unique environment for an enthusiastic technologist with zero bureaucracy and a bonus structure with lucrative rewards. They will pay more than any Top Tier Investment Bank and will buy out bonuses for the right candidate. If you feel you are a good fit for the above role please send your CV direct Allegis Group Limited and Aston Carter Limited operate Employment Businesses and Agencies and are companies within the Allegis Group Inc. group of companies, the fourth largest staffing company in the world, (collectively referred to as the Allegis Group ). TEKsystems and Aerotek are divisions of Allegis Group Limited. Applicant data will be treated in accordance with the Allegis Group s Privacy Notice http://www.allegisgroup.com/Privacy/Default.aspx). By submitting personal data to any company or division within the Allegis Group, the applicant is providing explicit consent to the use of such data by the Allegis Group and to the transfer of such data to and from the Allegis Group companies within the UK, Europe and outside the European Economic Area in connection with the fulfilment of the applicant s voluntary requests, and the fulfilment of other job opportunities that match the applicant s profile, and confirms that they may be contacted about such job opportunities. 
