Title: Software Developer
Full Description: Developer  Dunstable  ******** Overview / Key Responsibilities Tasks: As a Developer at our client ( based in Dunstable) your main role is to program applications or software that are sold to our clients or used internally in relation to the hospitality sector. Depending on the work area and the product the tasks may focus on customization, maintenance/support or roadmap tasks. The software developer will work under the supervision of the Development Team Manager. Key Responsibilities Tasks: The successful candidate will be required to: Analysis, Programming and unit testing of allocated software development tasks. To work to agreed budgets and timescales. To liaise with customers in order to gather specific software requirements. To generate detailed technical specifications To follow detailed technical specifications and produce appropriate coding design and unit test plans. To work to company processes and guidelines. To investigate and resolve software related problems. To develop an indepth technical knowledge of specific areas of the business sector and solutions. To communicate clearly, accurately and regularly. To ensure that appropriate technical skills are kept up to date. To document changes appropriately. To highlight any problems to the management team. Any other appropriate duties as reasonably requested by your line manager. Working Pattern: Hours  Monday to Friday 9.00 am to 5.30 pm  1 hour lunch (flexibility required dependent upon workloads) Skills, Qualifications, Experience and Attributes: Essential: An appropriate degree or equivalent professional qualification. A minimum of 3 years working within a software development environment. Excellent command of VB6 Application development environment Excellent SQL Programming skills (SQL****/****/****/****) Good working knowledge of .NET and XAML. Knowledge working with Visual Foxpro. Good working knowledge of development life cycle models. Familiarity with version control (preferably Visual Source Safe). Comfortable with customer engagement and requirement capture. Working knowledge of the hospitality sector an advantage. Creative and enthusiastic. Desirable Silver light, zamal, ruby on railsPERSON SPECIFICATION Characteristics Competencies in line with the Company Essential Values Go beyond the boundaries of your job description in order to get a good result Question and challenge the adequacy and quality of traditional thinking and the status quo; be receptive to new ideas and methods of working Convey passion for the company to clients, colleagues, partners and prospective employees Use superior skills and knowledge to produce excellent work that we are all proud of Proactively keep up to date with industry news; gain and maintain a good overall understanding of the context in which we and our clients work Be open, honest, and professional, with colleagues, clients and 3rd parties Put in the extra effort and time if needed to help the team meet its objectives Identify and act on opportunities for collaboration with other teams to achieve company goals and enhance client service If you are interested in applying for this position please respond with CV to danny.sillitoeadvantageresourcing.com Advantage xPO is in the top 1% of staffing companies in the world. With a truly global footprint. Advantage xPO specialises in recruitment outsourcing. Working with some of the leading employers around the world, Advantage offers global contract and permanent career opportunities across a wide range of industries and sectors. Advantage xPO: services offered are those of an employment agency for permanent work and/or employment business for the supply of contract/temporary work. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SoftwareDeveloper_job****
