Title: Software Engineer  Java  Tech startup  Corby
Full Description: Software Engineer – Java  disruptive Tech startup. Location: Corby area. Salary: ****k  benefits (including stock). Great opportunity for a talented software engineer, with experience of Java, to join an exciting Tech startup currently based in executive offices in Northamptonshire. You will be one of the first employee’s hired and, with recent investment and a disruptive product in the mobile space, this is a fantastic opportunity to play a major part in the growth and success of a startup with lots of potential, (their service reached the final of several Tech startup competitions over the summer, prior to winning investment). You will be expected to play the lead role in the architecture and development of this service as it scales and new users come on board, developing the existing platform as well as new systems and applications. You will need to be an accomplished programmer and equally someone who is a real “techy” and excited by cutting edge technologies. Software Engineer requirements: Essential Skills and experience Commercial experience as a software engineer / senior software developer, etc. Good experience with Java. Experience of Linux servers systems. Experience with NoSQL databases (e.g. MongoDB). Some experience / knowledge in the mobile market is highly desirable (e.g. J2ME, Android, iPhone, Windows phone, etc). Desirable iPhone development experience (objective C, cocoa, Xcode etc). Front end experience – Javascript, CSS, HTML etc. This is genuinely a fantastic opportunity to join a startup right at the beginning, with all the excitement and rewards that brings. Offices are commutable from: Northampton, Peterborough, Corby, Kettering, Wellingborough, Leicester, Market Harborough, Huntingdon, Thrapston, Stamford, Oundle. A fairly unusual location for a tech startup but great opportunity for local techy's. Keywords: Senior Software Engineer, Senior Software Developer, Lead Software Engineer, Technical Architect, Senior Programmer, Java, C/C++, Linux, Mobile, Android, iPhone. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/SoftwareEngineerJavaTechstartupCorby_job****
