Title: New IT & Development Manager Needed on Jersey  URGENT
Full Description: My client is a large, market leading International Technology Provider based on the Channel Island of Jersey. They are urgently recruiting for a new IT and Development Manager to join their internal technology department. Reporting to the IT Director, you will form part of the the Senior IT leadership team. You will be responsible for a team of .NET Developers and a team of Infrastructure Systems Administration Engineers who together, form the internal delivery function for the IT department. You will provide leadership, line management, resource management, mentoring and technical guidance to these teams. Your team will provide the technical resource for the delivery of a number of large scale, multiyear technology projects to the business and significant integration work to be completed around offtheshelf products. In addition the business has an ambitious growth strategy laid out over the next few years  both organic and acquisitional growth. Your team will be central to the successful technical and systems integration of any acquisition. As the successful candidate you must have:  A strong track record as a Technical Manager e.g. IT Manager / Development Manager / Head of IT etc  Experience of managing Software Developers  Experience of managing Infrastructure Engineers / Systems Administrators across the Microsoft technology stack.  A track record in managing software technology delivery, integration and change  A technical background that gives you a solid understanding of processes / methodologies / technology platforms  The ability to be outwardly facing from IT  able to communicate on a business level You will be rewarded with an excellent basic salary of circa ****  **** plus bonus and benefits. You will also only pay a flat 20% tax rate and you will have the chance to live and work on the beautiful Island of Jersey (the most annual sunshine in the UK), with all the work / life balance that comes with it. The success of my client is defined by its people. My client has an open collaborative environment where everyone is encouraged to share their ideas. The people who succeed are committed about the business, relish a challenge, use their initiative and take every opportunity to push themselves and the company forward. This is an URGENT vacancy where the hiring manager is looking to shortlist for interview immediately. Please forward your CV to me for an immediate interview. 
