Title: Web Developers  ASPNET, C, Java, MVC  Manchester
Full Description: Web Solutions Developers  ASP.NET, C, JSP, Spring, MVC Manchester Salary: c****k  Bonus  Excellent Benefits Package The Role: A number of exciting Web/Software Developer opportunities have arisen to work on full project life cycle development of new web application solutions and portals as part of an exciting new web product platform. Key Skills: The ideal candidates will have a strong commercial background with proven experience of developing cutting edge Web Applications, Solutions and Portals in a range of technologies. You will have a strong technical background based on solid core formal software development experience and Object Oriented/OO practices and languages. You will ideally have commercial experience in several areas such as ASP.NET, C, MVC, Java, JSP, JavaScript, Spring, Ajax, Ruby on Rails, PHP or similar. You will be keen and quick to learn new technologies with a clear passion for developing web based applications and solutions. You will ideally have experience working in Agile development methodologies such as Scrum, Sprint, TDD or similar. Your technical skills will be accompanied by excellent communication and documentation skills at all levels of business, along with the ability to work as part of a team in a structured development environment. The Company: Our client is at the forefront of their market. They offer a first class working environment as part of a dynamic team. They can offer genuine opportunities for ongoing training and development coupled with exciting opportunities for career progression. Manchester  Greater Manchester  Salford  Lancashire  North West. LA International Computer Consultants Ltd is an HMG Approved Consultancy and operates as an IT Engineering Consultancy or as an Employment Business Agency, depending upon the precise nature of the work, for security cleared jobs or non clearance vacancies, we welcome applications from all sections of the community and from people with diverse experience and backgrounds. Award Winning LA International Computer Consultants Ltd (Recruiter Awards for Excellence  Best IT, Best Public Sector Gold Awards)
