Title: Software Architect
Full Description: A market leading financial services client based in Hertfordshire requires a Software Architect on a permanent basis. The role requires the holder to confidently lead and govern the software solution through the project lifecycle. This will involve close liaison with Solution Architects, Software Developers and other stakeholders. Typically, the role will require the post holder to:  Limiting choices available during development by choosing a standard way of pursuing application development creating, defining, or choosing an application framework for the application  Recognising potential reuse in the organization or in the application by observing and understanding the broader system environment and creating the component design, and having knowledge of other applications in the organisation.  Subdivide a complex application, during the design phase, into smaller, more manageable pieces  Grasp the functions of each component within the application, understand the interactions and dependencies among components and communicate these concepts to developers  Lead and deliver complex enterprise applications.  Create, enhance, maintain and govern standards, frameworks and methodologies.  Contribute to architectural governance by attending/leading governance forums, project governance.  Develop and maintain software roadmaps within EA strategy.  Understand stakeholder needs.  Communicate effectively to a variety of audiences  customer, technical, nontechnical, all levels of seniority.  Stay abreast of developments in technology and recommend suitable opportunities for the client.  Lead or participate in the acquisition of COTS packages, tools etc.  Provide input into project estimation.  Perform code review and QA. The successful candidate will have the following skills and experience:  Proven experience of delivering complex software designs and architectures. Proven track record of governing software architecture.  Ability to present complex technical information to both technical and nontechnical audiences.  A clear understanding of how nonfunctional requirements such as performance, scalability and availability are designed, implemented, verified and maintained  Sun/Oracle Solaris; Enterprise Linux, WebLogic  Understanding of solution tradeoffs such as cost, scope, timescale and balance of strategic/tactical and pragmatic considerations.  Ability to work with domain experts.  Strong problem solving skills  Experienced in managing senior stakeholders including clients, senior technical and business management.  Capable managing technical relationships with existing and potential suppliers.  Solid experience of development processes  code control, build process, integration, processes and tools.  Experience of test strategies, automation, NFT, Security, data setup.  Java **** J2EE, XML, Spring, Hibernate, Oracle ****g, PL/SQL, NoSQL.  Sonar, Bamboo, Clover, REST. The following skills are desirable:  Software development and/or Software Architect in financial services industry, preferably with Payments experience.  Software development including one or more of: Enterprise Java; SQL  Design for integrating and implementing major software application packages into an enterprise environment. For example ACI Base24; FIS Connex or a major banking or messaging package.  Experience of working in multiproject programmes governed by formal methodologies such as Prince II, Agile, Scrum, TOGAF.  Design and implementation of high availability and high scalability OLTP systems, include transactional web based systems.  Design and implementation of Mobile payments services.  Security Architectures, eg PKI; PCI, 2FA.  Performance design, performance tuning and performance testing/benchmarking  Experience of card payment systems, eg LINK, VISA, Mastercard.  Experience of noncard payment systems, eg Faster Payments, BACS, SEPA, SWIFT.  Understanding of financial industry protocols, eg ISO8583, ISO20022, LIS**** VISA, Mastercard, This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/SoftwareArchitect_job****
