Title: Software Developer
Full Description: Software Developer  C / .Net / SQL / Windows Forms /MVC / Visual Studio 2010  excellent benefits working environment. We are currently recruiting an experienced Software Developer to join the existing team in our country offices in Old Basing, nr Basingstoke. This is an exciting opportunity for an experienced .Net Developer to join a market leading recruitment software solutions provider. To be successful in your application you must be able to demonstrate indepth commercial experience working as a developer using Visual Studio 2010, C, .NET, Windows Forms, MVC and SQL. Essential Skills  Proven commercial development experience and exposure to the .NET Framework, C, SQL and Windows Forms.  Exposure to ASP.NET MVC  Exposure to Agile development methodologies.  Object oriented development skills preferably within a multitier architecture.  Good problem solving and defect resolution skills.  Initiative and ability to work under time pressures to meet deadlines.  Excellent communication and interpersonal skills Desirable  Educated to degree level, preferably in a computing discipline.  Experience of source code management tools and processes  Knowledgeable about XML standards.  Willingness to suggest technical improvements within developed software applications. Role You will be involved in analysing and implementing operational enhancements, code reviews, detailed project work and ultimately working on the implementation of major product enhancements and new modules. All developers contribute towards the requirements and design stage so a degree of creativity is essential. Company First Choice Software was founded by recruiters in **** to build and provide recruitment software to help recruitment companies get the maximum sales from their consultants, while providing a great customer experience to their clients and candidates. The three original directors are still in the business and from humble beginnings First Choice now enjoys the highest tangible net worth and profitability of any UK reported recruitment software provider. On a daily basis our technical team tackles the challenges recruiters face at the desktop, on the web, around emerging communication media, process, operations and delivery platforms and develop the tools to help drive recruitment businesses. Today, First Choice Software enjoys a leading position in the recruitment software sector with our highly regarded RDB ProNet. This is an excellent opportunity to work with a recognised technical leader and the commercially most successful company in the UK recruitment software market Key Skills: .Net / C / SQL / WINFORMS / MVC / XML / SOFTWARE DEVELOPER / SQL SERVER / APPLICATIONS / MICROSOFT This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SoftwareDeveloper_job****
