Title: Senior Software Developer (C, Ruby)
Full Description: Medidata is a leading global provider of cloudbased clinical development solutions. Our goal is to help our customers bring relevant medical treatments to market faster. The Senior Software Engineer is responsible for handson development of Medidata s software applications. We want candidates with a strong grounding in the principles of software engineering and concrete experience delivering solutions in at least one language such as C, Java or Ruby plus Experience with REST, SQL, NoSQL and ORM Medidata is creating a cohesive platform for its softwareasaservice offerings. We are rapidly adopting techniques such as cloud deployment and serviceoriented architecture to meet the challenging requirements of our platform. Our expenditure on R D is strong and increasing, and we are expanding our engineering team to deliver the platform faster. Our teams work on projects using frameworks such as ASP MVC and Ruby on Rails. We favour small, selforganising, crossfunctional teams as part of our approach to agile development. All team members are involved in the planning and management of project backlogs. In engineering we focus on technical practices that improve the quality of our code, such as behaviour and testdriven development, because this drives our agility. Responsibility Overview Develop software applications and associated artifacts such as unit tests, installation programs and test automation code. Apply good technical practices such as refactoring, continuous integration, test automation, source code control and review. Provide diagnostic support and bug fixing for software applications. Provide technical guidance, training and support to other engineers. Follow Medidata s Standard Operating Procedures to ensure all software meets regulatory and company requirements. Work with Agile team members, particularly Software Quality Assurance and Product Management, to write clear, concise and comprehensive feature files. Participate in Agile working practices such as daily scrum meetings, sprint planning meetings, reviews and retrospectives. Job Qualifications Strong expertise in programming technologies, such as C, Ruby, SQL Bachelor s degree in computer science, information systems plus experience developing and/or maintaining a production application Experience working in a regulated environment preferred, ideally clinical research Knowledge of Agile methods such as Scrum preferred
