Title: Software Developer
Full Description: A growing, dynamic company based in Devon has a fantastic opportunity for a Software Developer to join the team. You will responsible for the development of embedded firmware for hightech electronic products. You will develop Windows applications, services and drivers. You will support and participate in the cross discipline development teams and plan, execute and document development activities. Key requirements Minimum 2 years' experience of embedded firmware development for hightech electronic products A good degree in a related Engineering discipline e.g. Electronics, Software, Computer Science or similar Experience with a variety of microcontrollers/platforms, ideally TI MSP**** ARM Cortex M3 and Power PC based devices Experience with a variety of toolchains/development environments, ideally KeiluVision, Rowley Crossworks, IAR Embedded Workbench, Eclipse and Netbeans Practical electronics experience Team player and results oriented Ability to work under pressure and to strict deadlines on multiple projects simultaneously and in a fast paced environment Core Competencies Development of embedded firmware for proprietary, complex electronics devices C programming (for embedded and PC software), Python or similar (e.g. Perl), at least one SQL variant, an understanding of structured markup for data storage (e.g. XML, JSON) Development of Embedded Linux applications and device drivers (user and kernel space) Development of Windows applications, services and drivers A thorough working knowledge of communications concepts, interfaces and network infrastructures e.g. TCP/IP model etc Good knowledge of objectoriented programming concepts Experience of writing multithreaded applications Software modelling using standard tools (e.g. UML, Yourden etc) Coding to established standards, Lint, MISRA etc Proven ability to solve problems using both logic and creative/innovative approaches Excellent written and verbal communicator capable of working in multidisciplinary teams and conveying complex technical issues to a nontechnical audience Capable of careful attention to detail, exercising good judgement and accepting responsibility Desirable skills Experience with embedded realtime operating systems Mac OS application and driver development Experience of Tkinter, wxPython, BeautifulSoup, win****api, adodbapi (Python libraries), C.NET, Delphi, Java, basic frontend web related technologies (HTML, CSS, JavaScript) Knowledge of computer architectures/operating systems. Experience with basic sysadmin concepts (e.g. batch files, task scheduler) Knowledge of USB, PCIe and digital video standards Experience of using a revision control system (Subversion preferred but Git, CVS, Mercurial etc Electronics design with the ability to take a design from concept through to output of manufacturing, production and test data Electronics schematic capture and PCB layout development ideally with Altium Designer Design and test of products to CE (EMC), FCC and UL standards Knowledge of DFM and DFT (including JTAG) issues Generation of technical design, test and production documentation Apply now, or contact us for further information on this job or similar positions. Hays Specialist Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T&C's, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found at 
