Title: VBNet Software Developer and IT Support Engineer
Full Description: A fantastic opportunity y has arisen for a VB.Net Software Developer and IT Support Engineer based in London to join an expanding company to maintain their existing bespoke applications for all three companies and provide IT Support. The company works with charities in the UK and internationally to analyse their campaigns, improve their donor retention and deliver bespoke communications to increase return on investment. They works closely with their sister companies to run qualitydriven donor recruitment campaigns and provides sophisticated software that improves donor retention for their charity clients. As a VB.Net Software Developer and IT Support Engineer your duties will include: • Bug fixing of the application and perform testing. • Performing the daytoday software development and maintenance of our bespoke applications. • Setting up new databases, Database development and its maintenance on MS SQL Server. • Providing technical support for office staff for problem they might have with our bespoke applications and with their computer systems. • Providing technical support for our clients for problem they might have with our bespoke applications and their computer systems. • Installing and configuring PCs and associated peripherals and software. • Providing at all times a professional, courteous and rapid response to individual users. An ideal VB.Net Software Developer and IT Support Engineer will hold the following skills and experiences: • Previous experience in Microsoft’s key technologies for application development. • Must have Good knowledge of VB.Net, Microsoft SQL Server 2005 / **** and Crystal Reports. • Excellent problem solving skills. • A relevant IT Honours degree (preferable). • Good customer service skills. The candidate will also have knowledge of the following: • Microsoft Active Directory. • MS Exchange Server. • MS Windows Workstations and server editions. • Back up procedures. • LAN Networking skills. In return you will receive a salary of **** to **** per annum. The first stage of the application process is to apply online. Candidate Source Ltd is an Advertising Agency working on behalf of an Employment Agency. By applying for this position you are giving us permission to pass your CV and covering letter to a third party in relation to this specific vacancy. A full copy of our privacy policy can be viewed on our website.
