Title: C/ASP/net Software Developer RATIO
Full Description: Package: Up to **** PA (DOE)  Bonuses  Benefits Package Ratio is a young and rapidly expanding affiliate network specialising in the finance vertical. We pride ourselves in enabling our affiliates to deliver an incredible service to their customers and to run superefficient campaigns by leveraging some really clever, bespoke software that we make at our studio in Bournemouth. An amazing opportunity has become available for a talented C / ASP.net Developer to join our expert team of Software engineers. This is a unique chance for a focussed and experienced individual to take on this role in an already technically brilliant team. We’re looking for someone who's thoroughly excited about becoming an integral part of our dynamic team, and invigorated and the idea of helping us to realise our vision of producing innovative and marketleading technology for our affiliates and their customers. “Do you want the chance to become part of a revolutionary engineering team demonstrating on a day by day basis that they can produce the equivalent of what teams ten times their size can do? Are you passionate about building software that brings efficiency into an inefficient marketing place? We're driven by technology, by quality design, by producing excellent code that sits at the cutting edge of our industry and by smashing records and expectations with our products.”  Marc Biles MD What we'll ask you to do: Architecting and developing complete software solutions in ASP. Net, C and SQL; Play an active part in the development of the business, transcending your role as an engineer to translate business needs into well defined and scoped functionality. requirements analysis and specification; Implement new functionality, improve existing infrastructure, trial ideas and concepts. At the heart of our business, lie a series of products which rely on complex, realtime algorithmic software. You will form part of the team responsible for their creation, continual improvement and general upkeep of this software. What we think you'll need: You have experience programming in ASP.Net, C  and MSSQL in a production environment (or personal projects). Strong computer science background gained through a Bachelor's degree in computer science, maths or related discipline or equivalent industry experience. Ability to work in areas outside of your comfort zone and get things done quickly. Things it would be handy if you had experience of: Experience using PHP or other dynamic programming languages in a production environment Experience using HTML/CSS/Javascript/AJAX in a production environment Experience of IIS Environments Any sort of background in building and administering systems related to payments, fraud, API and recommendation/comparison engines. What we offer in return: Performance Profit Bonuses  Health insurance after 6 months  Your Birthday Off Paid  Subsidised Gym Memberships  An Extra Holiday Day each year  Fantastic Subsidised Cafe and Vending Machines This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/C%****ASPnetSoftwareDeveloperRATIO_job****
