Title: Software Developer  C++
Full Description: Software Developer  C++ C++, C, UNIX, Linux, OOD, UML, Software Development Global IT/Defence company are looking for a number of C++ Software Developers to join their growing team down in Hook. Essential Skills  Design (UML)  UNIX/Linux  Excellent Documentation Skills  Good Communication/Meeting Skills  C and C++ with a sound understanding of OOD  Analytical and fault finding experience  Experience using configuration management and source control systems.  Build tool chain experience (make/ANT)  Unit test specification (GoogleTest/nUnit/cUnit/cppUnit)  System level design and development experience  X/Motif Experience Desirable Skills  Clearcase/Clearquest  Database Development (SQL) Knowledge  RDMS knowledge (Ingres/Postgress)  Continuous integration with tolls such as CruiseControl.  Scripting experience (Shell/Python)  XML  wxWidgets Day to Day Responsibilities The ability to define and elicit detailed software requirements is an essential part of the role and knowledge of use case modelling would also be desirable. The role will require close liaison with the requirements analysts and business analysts so strong communication and the ability to articulate design linkage to requirements is required. The ability to provide reasoned detailed estimates will be a key aspect of the role and working with both project management and other technical personnel will be on a daily basis. Knowledge of development in C/C++ on Linux is essential with experience on a Microsoft Windows platform being desirable as future direction will lead to increased crossplatform support. Design knowledge is critical with a proven background in the Unified Modelling Language (UML) key to the expression of design artefacts with knowledge of design tools such as Sparx EA, Artisan, ROSE, RSA etc desirable. Experience of both functional and Object Oriented Design and engineering essential as the product is evolving from following a functional to an OO design discipline. System level architecture is strongly desirable but essential knowledge in areas of multithreading, interprocess communication and memory management must be demonstrated. Working knowledge of, and a proven ability, to specify and conduct detailed unit and system integration testing is essential with knowledge of GoogleTest/nUnit (and derivatives) being strongly desired. Interfacing with test professionals is a required element of the role and the ability to review test collateral will be expected as part of the software engineering team. The ability to conduct code reviews and inspections and provide constructive comments will be expected. A proven ability in problem determination will also need to be demonstrated with an understanding of debugging and fault finding essential. Working knowledge of the Linux OS is essential with ideally knowledge of Red Hat Enterprise Linux distribution.
