Title: Software Developer | CNet SQL Server
Full Description: An excellent opportunity has arisen within an exciting client of mine based in Cheshire ,Knutsford. This leading organisation is heavily involved in the healthcare sector and is looking for an enthusiastic Software Developer with .Net skills to join their Software Development team. With excellent working conditions, package and benefits this is an exciting time to join them. Software Developer Role You will be involved in the full lifecycle Software Development with the .Net framework. You will be developing web based applications as well as desktop applications. You will use your innovation to improve the development team approach to development. You will liaise with new and existing clients to turn business requirements into technical specifications. Software Developer Essential Skills .Net (C or VB.Net) SQL Server Passionate Excellent Communication Skills Software Developer Benefits and Package on offer 25 Days Holidays Personal Pension Plan Life Insurance Private Medical Insurance Discretionary Bonus This is an excellent opportunity to join a very interesting company currently working in partnership with some of the largest clients in the Healthcare sector. The offices are located in the sought after area of Cheshire , Knutsford. If you feel you profile is as a good match for this role, do not hesitate to forward your CV to lee.feeneynorthernemployment.co.uk . Northern Employment is acting as an employment agency in regards to this advertisement. Due to the high volume of applications we receive, we are sorry that it is not possible to respond to each applicant. Only those applicants who are considered suitable for the position will be contacted. If you have not heard from us within 14 days please assume that your application has been unsuccessful.We wish you well with your job search. Software Developer | C or VB.Net SQL Server This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/SoftwareDeveloperC%****NetSQLServer_job****
