Title: Software Developer  C, WPF, WCF, NET Frameworks, TSQL, VB6
Full Description: Software Developer  C, WPF, WCF, .NET Frameworks, TSQL, VB6 Abingdon, Oxfordshire c**** Plus Pension, 25 Days' Holiday Are you a savvy software developer with fantastic C, WPF, WCF and .NET framework skills? Looking to join a rapidly expanding market leader offering a positive working environment? If so, read on. Our client is an international healthcare company specialising in the delivery of prosthetic and orthotic products and services sectors within the UK and in Europe. They are now seeking a Software Developer to join their team. As a Software Developer, you'll be responsible for writing, coding, testing and analysing a variety of software programs. With your expertise, you will configure, test and document inhouse developed software applications. Analysing and amending software errors, you will recommend, schedule and perform software improvements and upgrades. Your other duties will include:  Administering critical analysis of test results and delivering solutions to problem areas  Assisting in the development and maintenance of user manuals and guidelines  Supporting the Software Development Team Leader, Business Analyst, and designers to develop new software programs and applications  Collaborating with analysts, designers, and system users  Conducting research on emerging application development software products, languages and standards To be considered, you must have:  Experience of software development and systems design  Fluency in technical programming languages, including C, WPF, WCF and .NET framework  A good understanding of Object Oriented programming techniques and agile development methodology  Knowledge of TSQL, VB6 and MS SQL Server 2008  Experience of MS Team Foundation Server  A degree in computer systems design or computer science and extensive post graduate work or experience in a developer role Furthermore, as a Software Developer, it is also essential to have strong knowledge of systems and software quality assurance best practices and methodologies. You must also have extensive knowledge of core software applications, including MS Excel, Word and Project and a working knowledge of network and PC operating systems including window XP or **** To apply for the role of Software Developer (C, WPF, WCF, .NET Frameworks, TSQL, VB6), please apply via the button shown. This vacancy is being advertised by Web Recruit Ltd. The services advertised by Web Recruit Ltd are those of an Employment Agency. Additional Keywords: Software Developer, C, WPF, WCF, .NET Frameworks, TSQL, VB6, Web Programmer, Software Programmer, Web Developer, Application Developer, Developer, Programmer, Software Engineer, Software Application Developer, C Developer, C Programmer, C Application Developer, Software Architect. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SoftwareDeveloperC%****WPFWCFNETFrameworksTSQLVB6_job****
