Title: Test Analyst
Full Description: Description: Is responsible for assisting the Test Management with coordinating, implementing and executing software testing, including Card Bureau software, for release into the live environment, ensuring software performs according to the specification, is of the required quality and is fit for purpose. This includes creating detailed test cases, executing manual and automated tests, documenting results and managing defects. Analyses Business Requirements, Functional Specifications, business processes and associated documentation to identify all test conditions and scenarios. Designs and implements test cases, specifications, plans and procedures for testing all required conditions and ensuring full coverage. Prepares and maintains accurate documentation for plans, procedures and reports. Generates test data to ensure full testing of all test cases. Automates manual test cases, including editing and manipulating scripts where required. Installs and configures test environments, including SQL server, IIS, and bespoke software. Accurately executes tests in accordance with department procedures and policies, analysing and recording the results and reporting to the Test Management. Identifies, analyses and prioritises defects, recording them on the defect tracking tool. To build and maintain relationships across all departments and colleagues. Liaises with the software developers to achieve defect resolution, recommending corrective action where appropriate. Maintains awareness of project progress and ensures work is completed within the agreed timelines. Accurately tracks and reports testing progress. Attends project meetings and provides technical expertise as required. To ensure all software, or products, under test is fit for purpose, safe for users, is of at least the minimum quality defined and is completed within an agreed time frame. The postholder will be required to undertake such tasks as may be reasonably expected within the scope and grading of the post.
