Title: Senior Technical Infrastructure Project Manager  Finance
Full Description: Senior Technical Infrastructure Project Manager  Financial Consultancy My client is a leading niche financial consultancy who only deal with a select number of high profile clients across the finance, trading, and ecommerce sector. They are looking for a number of very senior Infrastructure Project Managers who preferably have come from a financial and consultancy background. The relevant candidate will have been involved in multiple technologies throughout their career, and will have considerable experience in managing infrastructure, and application improvements. They will also have extremely deep design, implementation, and operation of one or more infrastructure technologies. Anybody who began their career as a Software Developer, and then moved into the managerial space, will automatically be shortlisted for the position. This is a rare and exciting opportunity to join one of the most highly regarded consultancies in a position that is willing to pay a very competitive salary for the relevant candidate. In order to apply please send your CV to Archie on . Alternatively please call **** **** **** in order to speak in a little more detail. Allegis Group Limited and Aston Carter Limited operate Employment Businesses and Agencies and are companies within the Allegis Group Inc. group of companies, the fourth largest staffing company in the world, (collectively referred to as the Allegis Group ). TEKsystems and Aerotek are divisions of Allegis Group Limited. Applicant data will be treated in accordance with the Allegis Group s Privacy Notice http://www.allegisgroup.com/Privacy/Default.aspx). By submitting personal data to any company or division within the Allegis Group, the applicant is providing explicit consent to the use of such data by the Allegis Group and to the transfer of such data to and from the Allegis Group companies within the UK, Europe and outside the European Economic Area in connection with the fulfilment of the applicant s voluntary requests, and the fulfilment of other job opportunities that match the applicant s profile, and confirms that they may be contacted about such job opportunities. 
