Title: Business Analyst
Full Description: The successful Business Analyst will work closely with a dynamic team of software developers, testers and industry experts, to develop clever and practical software solutions for economic and planning groups in the oil and gas business. A key task for the Business Analyst will be preparing and delivering requirements as technical user stories and articulating these to developers and testers during Agile planning sessions. Understanding the domain and systems to understand changes and communicate them to make informed suggestions on the technical approach. Describe to developers work to be undertaken. You will work closely with a dynamic team of software developers, testers and industry experts, to develop clever and practical software solutions for economic and planning groups in the oil and gas business. A key task for this role will be preparing and delivering requirements as technical user stories and articulating these to developers and testers during Agile planning sessions. Understanding the domain and systems to understand changes and communicate them to make informed suggestions on the technical approach. Describe to developers work to be undertaken.  Work with developers and QA through Agile iterations cycle to clarify and remove changes.  Facilitate workshops to capture requirements, define processes and agree Agile stories and scope.  Participate in daily stand up meetings, pre iteration sessions, iteration planning, showcases and retrospectives.  Identify and analyse risk and impact dependencies for escalation.  Developing and producing wire frames, mockups and prototypes.  Critically evaluating information gathered from multiple sources, reconcile conflicts, decompose highlevel information into details, abstract up from lowlevel information to a general understanding, and distinguish user requests from the underlying true needs.  Pro actively communicate and collaborate with external and internal customers to analyse information needs and functional requirements and deliver the following artefacts as needed: Functional requirements (Business Requirements Document); Use Cases; activity models, sequence diagrams, GUI, Screen and Interface designs  Successfully engage in multiple initiatives simultaneously  Under the direction of project managers, work independently with users to define concepts  Drive and challenge business units on their assumptions of how they will successfully execute their plans  Serve as the conduit between the customer community (internal and external customers) and the software development team through which requirements flow.  Collaborate with developers and subject matter experts to establish the technical vision and analyse tradeoffs between usability and performance needs.
