Title: ASP Net Developer
Full Description: MAIN PURPOSE OF JOB: As a member of a small but growing IT team in an exciting and dynamic company, you will develop and deliver first class, webbased, processdriven software solutions for the property industry. All of their systems are windowsbased web applications that sit on Windows servers, using SQL R**** **** DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES: Reporting to the IT Director, you will be considered a senior member of the team, and as such will be expected to provide input into the design of our solutions, and then help lead the development of those solutions. In particular: To lead the development of new IT solutions and initiatives. To work within the development team to deliver full working solutions from a project plan through design, development, testing, feedback, deployment, and ongoing support and improvements. To develop new projects, and improve existing systems to constantly improve the solutions delivered to users. To accept specific areas of responsibility and excel in your chosen disciplines to best support the team output. To exercise a flexible and dynamic mindset that seeks to deliver solutions via code, not coding solutions. To exercise focus and agility during programming projects. To assist and guide other team members where necessary. RELATIONSHIPS: Directly Responsible to: IT Director Service/Consultative Relationships with: IT suppliers, software developers, internal users, external clients and external system users. QUALIFICATIONS AND EXPERIENCE Essential: ITbased degree or similar qualification Previous proven experience in a software development environment Detailed knowledge of ASP.NET, C and web services Proven track record of software delivery Highly desirable: Experience with SQL **** HTML, OOP Knowledge of networks Experience of designing systems architectures Understanding of Agile methodology Experience of property and/or legal markets Personal skills required: Selfstarter, fast learner Passionate and motivated Excellent communication skills, both written and oral Customercentric attitude Flexibility, solutionoriented approach to software development Attention to detail, and ability to understand requirements quickly 'Due to the high volume of applications we currently receive, we are unable to respond to all candidates. If you do not hear from a Consultant within **** working days unfortunately you have been unsuccessful on this occasion' This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ASPNetDeveloper_job****
