Title: Software Developer ASPNET
Full Description: The role of ASP.NET Software Developer is within the Web Services team of a well established and award winning software provider based in Gateshead, the team is currently made up of two developers and a project manager. The Web Services team is part of an overall IT Development department which has a staff of about **** The Web Services Team provides all of the company's online tools; their current project is to develop a web interface to parts of the company's latest software package using ASP.NET. This is a long term project that is underway but is approaching an exciting point where large rafts of new functionality need to be designed and built. The role of Software Developer in the Web Services team is to Develop robust, reliable, functional and intuitive web applications using ASP.NET Assist in the design of new functionality Keep abreast of emerging tools and technologies for online development Advise on tools, technologies and development approaches Work closely with the other developers in the Web Services team, to share ideas, progress etc. Build strong relationships throughout the Development department, to understand their projects and the interfaces/overlap with Web Services etc. Unit and system test web application before handing over to the Testing team Assist in the implementation/installation of web applications with new and existing clients Assist the Support team to resolve issues with web applications The role of Software Developer reports to the Web Services project manager and then to the Head of IT. The role is full time Monday to Friday, ****:00am to ****:30pm with 20 days annual holiday plus all statutory bank holidays etc. A competitive salary is available for the role and will be adjusted according to experience. The Person The Software Developer role requires a person with exceptional technical abilities, an eye for detail and passion for creating web applications with intuitive user interfaces. Strong and commercial Software Development knowledge of the following technologies are essential: C ASP.NET Visual Studio 2010 SQL Server 2005/**** TSQL Telerik components Team Foundation Server JavaScript AJAX XML Highly desirable would be any of the following Windows workflow Powerbuilder Payroll or HR experience Financial sector experience The nature of this Software Developer role requires this person to be very numerate, absolutely trustworthy and can work with 100% accuracy, especially in ASP.NET. It is a fun and relaxed place to work but it is essentially a service environment so there is considerable pressure to deliver accurate and timely results to satisfy clients. The person for this role must be able to thrive in that environment. Lastly, the person for this role must be self motivated, able to manage their own time effectively and be able to work unsupervised. If you are interested in the advertised position for an ASP.NET Software Developer please apply through the requested method and we will be in touch shortly with regards to your suitability for the role. Sharpe Recruitment is a North East based consultancy, dedicated to placing professionals in rewarding jobs throughout the North of England across a variety of disciplines including Digital Media, Creative Advertising, Sales & Marketing, PR, IT and Business Operations.
