Title: Senior PHP Web Developer / Software Developer Leicester
Full Description: Senior PHP Web Developer / Software Developer Leicester An opportunity for an experienced PHP Developer thats not to be missed. This job role will allow you to work in a fast paced and exhilarating environment within a leading software house in the WolverhamptonLeicesterExtensive knowledge and experience using PHP (OOP) is crucial for success within this role, with an understanding of a number of other technologies, such as My SQL, CSS, JavaScript, HTML and MVC frameworks, being beneficial but not vital. Having a sound ability to work using these technologies, together with a drive for success and good communication skills will allow you to achieve your maximum potential within the companys existing team of ground breaking IT specialists. Within this friendly and dynamic team, the senior PHP developer will have the opportunity to work alongside bespoke and revolutionary technologies, such as Cloud and PHP (V. ****), and will be a valued member of a specialist IT team which far excels their leading competitors. Projects will involve you developing back end PHP / My SQL codes in order to provide high quality and innovative live solutions for a variety of client businesses. The role ensures that you will keep up to date with state of the art technologies and offers you frequent and realistic opportunities to progress through the company as your experience and knowledge grows. The client company are revolutionising the mobile software industry, offering clients superior and future proof technologies to ensure easy use and client satisfaction. You will be working at the heart of the company in their large Wolverhampton based office within their growing team of friendly and enthusiastic IT specialists. If you are a driven and forward thinking PHP Developer with a passion for new and exciting technologies, then please apply by contacting me on; megan.gibsonsenitor.com or by calling me on: **** **** 22****ey Words; PHP, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, MySQL, MVC, Senior, Web Developer, Software Developer, Wolverhampton Leicester, Leicestershire, Midlands, East MidlandsSenitor Associates Ltd is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy.
