Title: Graduate NET Developer ndash; Growing Digital Agency
Full Description: Graduate .NET Developer  Growing Digital Agency Leeds ****k  Training  Benefits Our client is a successful Digital Agency and Software House based in Leeds. Through their leading position in ecommerce they have developed an enviable account base and a portfolio of solutions and services to meet with every budget. Due to continued success, they now have an immediate opening for a Graduate .NET Developer to join their technically strong team. This exciting entry level role will involve working within a team of experienced software developers on a bespoke platform for ecommerce development. You will be reporting to the lead developer and have the opportunity to work with all the latest technologies. Contact Benchmark Recruit for further information on this exciting Graduate .Net Development role. Applications are invited from recent graduates graduate or from those with 612 months previous experience in ecommerce ASP.NET development. You will be genuinely interested in technology, be innovative, eager to learn and possess the communication skills to liaise both internally and externally as your career grows. The successful candidate can expect an initial salary of circa ****k dependent upon your previous ASP.NET exposure. In addition to a flexible and fast rising base salary you can expect the very best in ongoing training and a competitive benefits package. Benchmark Recruit is a leading Sheffield based independent recruitment consultancy, specialising in Sales & Marketing, IT & Technical, Management & HR, Creative & Digital, Office, Legal & Financial Recruitment. With flexible solutions covering both the permanent and temporary recruitment sector, Benchmark actively recruits positions from Graduate trainee, entry level roles through to senior management positions. As a local company with a national reach, Benchmark delivers first class recruitment solutions for many of the regions leading employers. Recent assignments that have been successfully completed include: Technical Support, PHP Development, Software Engineering, Java Development, Web Design, Account Management, Sales Executives, Telesales, Financial Controller and numerous HR related positions. To find out more about us and to view all the latest vacancies, please visit Benchmark Recruit (url removed)
