Title: Software Developer
Full Description: Our client is searching for the next big thing within software development. Their core focus is on providing efficient electronic data collection and capture products, backend Work flow and BPM automation as well as integration with other technologies including Mobile Equipment, Microsoft SharePoint and Webbased services. They are openminded and are looking for whoever we feel will best fit out Team, whether just starting out but very highly talented, or a seasoned expert  whatever The aim is that you become a hero to customers and company. Candidates will already have formal training, knowledge and demonstrable skills (all levels considered) in two or more of the following technologies: C , .Net **** C++, ASP.Net, HTML, XML, JavaScript, JavaScript/jQuery, Ajax, CSS, Web Development, ADO.Net, SQL, Stored Procedures, Web Services, Objective C/Cocoa,Mobile/ Blackberry application development, ClientServer development, Technical Authoring. Knowledge of Metastorm BPM or other proprietary BPM or workflow products is an advantage but not absolutely necessary. Experience may have been gained via higher education or industry courses and a good knowledge of testdriven development and agile techniques would also be beneficial. A demonstrable flair for innovation at a practical level is essential, as is well grounded confidence, attention to detail, a high degree of self motivation, the ability to communicate effectively, as well as the ability to deliver within agreed timescales. Technical courses, inhouse training, guidance and mentoring will be provided where appropriate. Candidates must demonstrate a readiness to ask for assistance when required. Outstanding performance is always rewarded. Enthusiastic, hard working Team players need only apply. Due to location, own reliable transport is essential. The Adecco Group UK & Ireland is an equal opportunities employer and positively encourages applications from all eligible candidates regardless of sex, race, disability, age, sexual orientation, gender reassignment, religion or belief, marital status, or pregnancy and maternity. Adecco is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy
