Title: C Software engineer mobile handsets/IOS/Android
Full Description: C Software engineer mobile handsets/IOS/Android  A C software development role working with a market leading mobile solutions provider.C Software engineer mobile handsets/IOS/Android C software developer: A market leader with over 15 years' experience in the development of digital content and mobile solutions is looking for skilled and enthusiastic C software developers. As a company they are considered to be at the forefront of their industry and are undertaking an exciting project to increase their headcount by 50% while launching a completely new product and team. This role offers a tremendous opportunity for candidates to work on cutting edge development projects, influence the type of work that they are doing and will be 100% tailored around the successful applicant's strengths and weaknesses. There are positions available at all levels of seniority with the key focus being to bring the right people on board, this role will be ideal for those with passion for development and an understanding of mobile technologies, any experience with Humancomputer interaction (HCI) will be ideal. In addition to a generous salary and benefits package, the opportunity to work with cutting edge technologies, the chance to progress rapidly with a fast expanding business there is also the opportunity to train in Java development on the job if desired. Essential Skills Experience in the following areas is considered to be essential for this role. Development experience in C software on Embedded & Mobile platforms (IOS/Android). Full software development lifecycle experience including test. Desirable Skills Experience in the following areas is considered to be desirable for this role, while not essential this experience will be considered beneficial to your application. Development experience with mobile handsets, tablets and other handheld devices. Experience working in an Agile/SCRUM environment including daily stand ups, regular meetings and short sprints. Code optimisation experience on IOS or Android. C++ or Java development experience. Low level embedded software development including device driver development. A strong awareness of Hardware development and its interaction with software. To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK Matchtech is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy.
