Title: User Interface Developer  UI Developer  Software Developer  UI
Full Description: User Interface Developer  UI Developer  Software Developer UI Focus My client is a rapidly expanding company who specialise in providing identity management solutions to their fast growing global customer base. The most successful organisations all recognise the value of understanding your individual identity  who you are, what you need and what you like. They provide solutions that allow organisations to create an environment of trust by helping them to connect communicate and transact with their customers, safely, responsibly and profitably. My client helps organisations to make informed business decisions based on a thorough knowledge of customer identity and behaviour, leading to more effective communication and interaction. They are looking for a talented .Net developer with a keen interest in all aspects of modern software as a service (SaaS). The candidate must have strong analytical and problem solving skills and we equally adept at working in a team or on their own. The candidate must have a passion for modern responsive Web Applications and be able to demonstrate a portfolio of web development solutions. This is a great opportunity for an enthusiastic person to put there flair for UI development into action and really put their mark on our products. The candidate will be an enthusiastic .Net developer with a passion for software development and a wide interest in all aspect of the software development lifecycle. They will be keen to learn the latest technologies and equally happy to pass on skills to more junior team members. This is a unique opportunity for someone to take ownership of all aspects of User Interface development and have an impact across all of the company s products, marketing and branding. The role  Produce high quality secure code, first time on time.  Design, implement and test work against an agreed requirement specification.  Produce quality technical documentation.  Ability to work in an agile development process.  Be a selfstarter who can be relied on to get the job done.  Liaise with the business or the purposes of demonstrating new functionality and enhancements.  Provide 3rd line support for deployed live systems.  Liaise with our teat team during the testing life cycle to ensure that the implementation is delivered on time and of expected quality.  Adopt a professional approach and behaviour when dealing with the business and user community.  Contribute to the effectiveness of the Development team by the sharing of technical and business knowledge.  Carry out additional duties as directed in line with business needs.  Mentor Jnr team members.  Keep up to date with the latest innovations in .Net development. Technical Skills:  Excellent Microsoft .Net C (**** )  ASP.Net, MVC, Web Forms.  Microsoft Visual Studio ****  jQuery, jQuery UI, javascript, CSS, HTML, AJAX.  Excellent Web UI design skills. Personal Profile:  Ability to manage and mentor other developers.  Excellent verbal and written communication skills.  Attention to detail.  Ability to work well within a team and support others.  Ability to give presentations on technical work delivered.  Excellent organisational skills and the ability to work unsupervised.  Flexible, resilient and able to change focus on demand.  Commercial awareness and a commitment to the business.  Selfmotivated and enthusiastic.  Familiarity with Agile Methodologies.  Demonstrates ability to learn quickly within a continually changing, challenging environment.
