Title: C Web Developer, Automation, Travel, Central London
Full Description: My client is a market leader in developing and constructing travel engines, bright, agile individuals, competent with quality assurance and development are required. Based in Central London, my client needs Software Developers who excel in fast paced work zones. You will have a pivotal role encompassing; .Net, Visual Basic and fundamentally, C. The best candidates will demonstrate an affinity with Web stress and loading tools displaying a knowledge of cruise control and a basic understanding of how the travel industry operates in its high frequency capacity. Ideal candidates will posses;  2 years or more experience in coding C  Strong .Net developer skills  A proven ability with automated tools, such as Selenium, Fitnesse  Experience with Relational databases  Excellent experience in fast paced Scrum Agile teams This vibrant and high profile industry will work seamlessly with the best candidates who can code with C, creating an excellent career path. A generous salary along with benefits awaits an enthusiastic persona. For all applications please contact Julius via email at ; or phone; **** Allegis Group Limited and Aston Carter Limited operate Employment Businesses and Agencies and are companies within the Allegis Group Inc. group of companies, the fourth largest staffing company in the world, (collectively referred to as the Allegis Group ). TEKsystems and Aerotek are divisions of Allegis Group Limited. Applicant data will be treated in accordance with the Allegis Group s Privacy Notice http://www.allegisgroup.com/Privacy/Default.aspx). By submitting personal data to any company or division within the Allegis Group, the applicant is providing explicit consent to the use of such data by the Allegis Group and to the transfer of such data to and from the Allegis Group companies within the UK, Europe and outside the European Economic Area in connection with the fulfilment of the applicant s voluntary requests, and the fulfilment of other job opportunities that match the applicant s profile, and confirms that they may be contacted about such job opportunities. 
