Title: Java Scientific Software Developer
Full Description: Java Scientific Software Developer  Do you have a Bioinformatics and / or Java programmer background? Would you like to work on a ground breaking pan European Drug / Disease software workflow project? Ideally you will have skills in biological/biomedical/pharmacological computation or Bioinformatics. The role is to work on a large scale EU funded project to utilise up to date IT / Software technology to aid scientific research into drug discovery. You will play a major role in the software development programme, including: Leading development in the area of workflow analysis, design and implementation; Collaborating with modellers, scientists and other computer scientists in the implementation of semantic interoperability; Development and implementation of relevant ontology standards; contributing to dissemination and documentation of project results; and development of user training materials. This role could suit a PhD research scientist who possesses strong Java programming skills or a commercial Java programmer with good knowledge of Workflow. The successful candidate will have strong programming skills and at some demonstrable analysis/design expertise. Expertise in an OO programming language ideally with Java. Excellent analytical and abstraction skills with ability to identify key constructs for software abstraction data relating to pharmacology and biosciences are desirable. Experience of working in a workflow environment, developing applications for use with tools such as Taverna, Kepler, jBPM or Knime would be particularly advantageous. Experience of distributed computing, grid computing and web services would also be advantageous. Any knowledge of Python is desirable. Knowledge of the statistical programming language R would be beneficial, as would experience of modelling tools such as BUGS/WinBUGS, MATLAB, Monolix. In this role you will have a direct impact on the success of the project and the work you produce has a real world benefit to speeding up the process of drug discovery. You will need strong communication and interpersonal skills to work with colleagues based across Europe. You will be required to attended **** project meetings based in Europe per year. Please apply asap to be considered. To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK Matchtech is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy.
