Title: IS Developer  JavaScript, HTML, CSS
Full Description: IS Developer  JavaScript, HTML, CSS Newark, Nottinghamshire Up to **** DOE Plus 25 Days' Holiday, Childcare Voucher Scheme, Death In Service, Discounted Company Services Our client is a leading telecommunications service provider. An exciting opportunity has now arisen for an IS Developer to join their team. This is the ideal role for a Java or JavaScript developer with experience of working with and administering SaaS or PaaS solutions looking to develop their career with a leading and well established company. The successful candidate will work within a small friendly team and enjoy great staff events. Working within a highly professional environment, as an IS Developer, you will be responsible for delivering and maintaining a diverse variety of solutions to support our client's internal processes. You will facilitate the provision of excellent service to customers. You will focus on enabling greater adoption of our client's platforms by customising existing components or creating new ones. You will be expected to use a combination of administration tools provided by the platforms and work in code where necessary. Additionally, you will work with business analysts, key stakeholders and team members to define and deliver solutions. You will also work with the support team to resolve operational issues and act as a third line escalation point. To be considered for this position, you must have:  Experience of working with and administering SaaS or PaaS solutions  Experience of developing with JavaScript or Java  A thorough understanding of HTML and CSS Additionally, as an IS Developer, you must be a driven individual with good multitasking and time management abilities and excellent problem solving skills. You must also have strong written and verbal communication abilities. A willingness to learn and adopt new skills and technologies is also key. To apply for the role of IS Developer (JavaScript, HTML, CSS), please apply via the button shown. This vacancy is being advertised by Web Recruit Ltd. The services advertised by Web Recruit Ltd are those of an Employment Agency. Additional Keywords: IS Developer, JavaScript, HTML, CSS, Systems Developer, Java Developer, Software Developer, Software Engineer, Java Programmer, Application Developer, Software Programmer, Information Systems Developer. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ISDeveloperJavaScriptHTMLCSS_job****
