Title: Software Developer  C, ASPNET
Full Description: Software Developer Chester .NET 2.0/ **** ASP.NET, VB.NET, C, SQL Server 2005/ **** XML, Web Services, XHTML, CSS, Umbraco Job Description Software developer required with a minimum of 4years experience of working in a commercial environment to join a growing team of product developers. The candidate should possess very strong technical background and understanding of software development methodologies. Working in a friendly environment the candidate will be exposed to tight delivery deadlines to meet commercial pressures. The work will involve developing and managing a variety of mission critical systems and will need to contribute towards their design, development, testing and support. System security and stability is critical to the business and hence the candidate should have the highest work ethic and quality of the delivered product. Background of financial services/price comparison would be an advantage. This is a fantastic opportunity for a Software Developer to join a rapidly growing team and make the role their own. The right candidate will be working in an exciting and fast paced environment, based in Chester with travel to the Stockport office as required. Skills Extensive experience in using Visual Studio 2005 and above, .Net 2.0 / **** technologies  ASP.NET, ADO.NET, VB.NET, C, SOAP Web Services and XML, IIS, XSLT, AJAX Experience of working with Umbraco is required as both the B2B and B2C websites within the group are built within this platform. Working with multiple third party development teams to deliver white label, iFrame and integrated reporting platforms. Strong knowledge of Microsoft SQL Server 2005 or **** and experience of dealing with high transactional systems, high volume databases and coding SQL objects like views and procedures with knowledge of query performance improvements Relevant degree in IT, software programming or a technical discipline. Excellent communication, teamworking and organisational skills. Professional approach to problem solving and ability to discuss technical issues with external customers Should use initiative, communicate complicated matters, resolve complex issues and work with development and marketing teams to work to project deadlines. Should be dependable selfmotivated, patient but enthusiastic and well organised with a good understanding towards the support or commercial pressures and delivery of technical solutions Responsibilities Work as a part of the development/marketing team to design, develop and test the solution based on functional outlines and guidance. Make sure the solutions developed adhere to coding standards and are delivered to the highest quality Understand, define and refine requirements and propose/influence solutions to best meet the system performance but also the commercial needs. Own the planning and tracking of development tasks assigned ensuring that development is completed within agreed timescales. Work with the team to manage functional releases on the test and production environments. Experience in managing production environments and releasing the code to test and live is critical. Proactively monitor production systems, raise timely alerts with the manager about potential issues that may arise. Being available for nonworking hours support to resolve the urgent production systems issues, should these arise on rare occasions. For further details send your CV in the first instance
