Title: Senior Lead Software Developer
Full Description: Purpose Statement: The Application Architect provides architecture and designlevel guidance for solutions architects, developers, analysts of the UK based development unit, part of the Global Technology Solutions organization. Moreover Application Architect provides input to the overall company architecture strategy. Main Responsibilities:  Act as champions and specialists of proponing new architecture components models based on business requirements  Keep up with the latest architecture and technology trends  thought leadership.  Lead developers or team leaders in delivering architecture or service components.  Point of reference for solutions architects, developers, analysts for design of new services.  Essentially contribute in ensuring the design, performance, capacity and configuration of application physical architecture are aligned with previously defined quality, standards and requirements  Work closely with applications development solutions team in support of delivering an integrated, fully tested and optimal solution based on requirements and quality standards.  Assume and handle architecture design ownership  Provide input in the architecture strategy  Influence emerging architectures within the organization  Promote the adoption of common practices and technologies Knowledge, Skills Experience:  Extensive SOA/Open Systems/Web Services software development Solid experience on IBM WebSphere Tools such as the Message Broker and Application Server.  Capability to establish and promote technology and architectural strategy. Excellent skills in open source (J2EE solutions, Java, JBoss, Apache, tomcat), Oracle, Linux, Sun, IBM.  Strong Solution Design and Analysis Capabilities  Strong B2B experience  Flexible and Agile  Knowledge of content acquisition and integration technologies  Fluent in English  Presentation skills in face to face and online situations.  Adaptability in a rapidly changing technical environment. Key Interfaces:  Operate in a global Technology delivery organization, therefore confident and comfortable working in a global matrix environment.  Able to establish and maintain international networks with technology colleagues and key resources such as Denver/Atlanta platform services, Denver Architecture Group.  Able to effectively cooperate and collaborate with many different technology and business organizations, often with different interests.  Communicates with senior management and business teams, therefore able to express technology matters in business terms  Coach the development team (Team Leaders, Analysts, Programers) in the development of the application solution This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SeniorLeadSoftwareDeveloper_job****
