Title: Technical Project Manager  Internet TV / Mobile TV
Full Description: Technical Project Manager  Internet TV / Mobile TV My client are at the forefront of Internet TV, mobile TV and digital TV. They are looking for a handson Internet TV / Mobile TV Project Manager to lead a team of technical specialists to ensure successful delivery of internet TV, mobile TV and digital TV software and applications. This role is suited to a Senior Web Developer, Senior Software Developer or Team Leader who remains handson in application and software development as well as testing. You must be able to provide technical input (such as critiquing code) as well as having the leadership skills to manage a team. Reporting to the CTO, you will be managing multiple projects to develop new internet TV and mobile TV software and applications. You will be accountable for successful delivery of internet TV and mobile TV projects and must therefore keep management, customers and stakeholders informed of progress. You must have strong technical knowledge in frontend development, and a detailed understanding of internet technologies, along with a successful track record of managing multiple projects in an Agile, Scrum or TDD environment. Profile:  Degree in a technical discipline, Eg. Electronics, Digital Media or Electrical Engineering  Background in frontend web and software development  Experience of leading and managing a team  Familiar with Agile, Scrum or test driven development (TDD) methodologies  Understanding of web / networking technologies  Ideally a background in internet TV, digital TV, mobile TV or digital media streaming If the above matches your skills set and you would like to be considered for this Technical Project Manager  Internet TV / Mobile TV vacancy, please apply and I will contact you with further details if you are shortlisted. If this is not the right Technical Project Manager  Internet TV / Mobile TV role for you, then please feel free to recommend someone with the right skills – People Source offer a generous referral scheme and you could earn up to **** for a successful placement (terms and conditions apply).
