Title: Web Developer
Full Description: ASP.NET Web Developer in Cheadle, Greater Manchester An ASP.Net Web Developer is sought to join the world's market leader in Taxi Management and Dispatch Systems. The organisation operates in 21 countries and has thousands of customers worldwide. They are seeking an articulate and experienced Web Developer to join their highly experienced Research Development team. TITLE: Web Developer LOCATION: Cheadle, Greater Manchester SALERY: ****K  ****K pending experience The Web Developer role will include the following responsibilities  Developing and maintaining various web applications. The ideal Web Developer will possess the following skills and experience:  Experience should show ability to develop dynamic, feature rich and commercial websites.  A degree level qualification in Computer Science.  Excellent communication skills As a Web Developer you will need experience in the following:  C ASP.NET  HTML ****  Javascript  CSS  jQuery  Ajax  SQL databases  Android (desirable)  iPhone (desirable) The Web Developer position will allow you to contribute your knowledge to the development of the organisation's leadingedge systems and products, which cover a wide range of technologies. You will be joining a market leader who offers a fantastic opportunity for career progression. Please click to apply for the role of Web Developer in Cheadle, Greater Manchester If the details shown on your CV match our client's requirements, we will provide our client with your full details so that they can judge whether you may be suitable for the opportunity advertised. Your details, as submitted by you, will only be used in relation to this specific opportunity. By applying to this advert and submitting your CV and/or cover letter to us, you give express consent to us using your details for this purpose. eRecruit Solutions is a flat fee recruitment company that actively recruit for the following roles: Web Developer, Software Developer, Software Engineer, Developer, PHP Web Developer, Business Software Engineer, .NET Developer, JavaScript, Junior Web Developer, AJAX and JQuery, XHTML, CSS, PHP (OOP), Linux, Apache, MySQL PHP Server Administration (LAMP) , Graduate Software Developer in Cheadle, Greater Manchester Ref: LOR****A This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/WebDeveloper_job****
