Title: Senior Software Developer (Net, C, VB, ASPNet)
Full Description: Job Title: Senior Software Developer (.Net, C, VB, ASP.Net) Location: Keynsham, Bristol Salary: ****  **** per annum Our client is a well established IT Solutions company based between Bristol and Bath with a diverse range of clients both locally and nationwide. Their clients include leading Universities, major financial institutions, global consultancies as well as SME's. They produce bespoke and packaged software solutions, websites and mobile apps. They are seeking a talented and creative Senior Software Developer to join their team as they embark on an exciting period of expansion. They are a small friendly team and you will be leading on all aspects of the development process from working with clients, designing applications, coding and support. You must be happy to work on small and large projects and be capable of bringing technical skills and creative flair to your work but also be comfortable putting this into proposals in 'down to earth' language that will resonate with their clients. You must be used to working to tight deadlines and delivering high quality projects on time and to budget. You will be juggling your own priorities and workload and be comfortable working on a number of projects and support activities at the same time and managing your own and colleagues time effectively. You must have experience and a track record of working on a variety of significant development projects. Key technical skills they are looking for include : Essential   Knowledge of Object Orientated Design  Microsoft Visual Studio  ASP.Net .Net C, VB  MS SQL Server  Good working knowledge of HTML  JavaScript Desirable   Microsoft Visual Sourcesafe  CSS  VB Script / VBA  Microsoft Access  XML/XSLT  JQuery  Apple & Android Mobile Apps You must also be comfortable with developing new business and taking forward leads and enquiries and turning them into compelling proposals which will inspire their prospective clients and gain their trust and confidence. This is an exciting time to be joining them as they are rapidly developing their customer base and are keen to expand their range of projects and consolidate their reputation as a leading software provider. They offer a competitive salary, a friendly and flexible working environment and a convenient 'easy commute' location between Bristol and Bath with free onsite parking and walking distance access to rail and bus routes. Please apply with your full CV, a covering note which addresses the essential / desirable skill set, current salary details / expectations and availability. They will be interviewing during January / Early February and can be flexible as to interview time to fit around your current work commitments e.g. early morning, lunchtime, early evening interview slots
