Title: Business/Data Analyst
Full Description: As a senior analyst, you will bring visibility and provide guidance to our senior management team, by exposing and tracking key performance metrics and developing financial models. You will conduct insightful analyses that serve as the basis for recommendations that leaders of the business draw from to make critical strategic decisions. Working on multiple projects at a time, and just as comfortable communicating with software developers as sales folk, you maintain a consistently high level of attention to detail while finding creative ways to tackle technical and business challenges. Responsibilities Build great reporting: Work with product management to design and deliver scaleable data pipelines, streamlined reporting processes and flexible, interactive user interfaces to create a powerful platform for performance monitoring and analysis Drive insight through analysis: Use your data analysis skills to provide senior management with clear insights into drivers of revenue, market trends, risks, and opportunities leading to revenue enhancing sales and product actions. Forecasting and planning: Help shape and support a lightweight internal business planning cycle. Partner deal modelling: Support business development activities by helping to model the ROI of prospective partnerships. Skills Excellent written and oral communication and interpersonal skills; comfortable communicating with a senior management team. Distinctive problem solving and analysis skills, combined with strong commercial awareness and business judgment you enjoy bringing structure and clarity to complex and ambiguous problems Strong Microsoft Excel modeling skills (pivot tables, macros etc.) Strong database experience (e.g. SQL, MongoDB) Experience with third party webbased reporting platforms a big plus Motivated and enthusiastic teammember, you are willing and keen to get involved and contribute your skills to all areas of the business Candidate Requirements: BA/BS degree (In lieu of degree, relevant skills or equivalent experience). Relevant years of strategic, business or financial analysis experience in a startup, technology firm, consulting, or bank
