Title: Web Developer
Full Description: Web Developer, Birmingham, Agency, **** , 30,000 My client a wellrespected full service agency based in Birmingham are looking for a web developer to join their busy digital team. The successful Web Developer will support the digital team and provide web support for the growing number of client projects within the business. This role will be responsible for various web development and website maintenance tasks. This individual will join a team of other developers and a skilled digital team in a role that has great potential and future expansion. The role calls for a self motivated individual who is adept at managing their own time and projects. All the work completed is client facing and therefore often subject to tight deadlines, so meticulous approach is required. The role would best suit an individual with marketing agency experience or an individual who has been producing websites for marketing purposes. Any applicant must be able to demonstrate previous projects live and in a working environment. No web design experience is required as all design is completed by our internal web designers. However you must have experience taking designs from flat designs to full functional websites. Key Skills Required:  HTML/XHTML, CSS and JavaScript/jQuery coding experience is essential  Knowledge of content management systems and customisation of Wordpress and Drupal are essential.  Experience of any PHP CMS platforms would be a distinct advantage.  Knowledge of industry standards.  Relevant coding experience, preferably with suitable qualifications  hands on coding essential.  Experience working with responsive and mobile based development.  Development experience using PHP and associated server setup is essential.  Knowledge of client server and internet systems architecture would be desirable.  Creates well designed, reusable code.  Any usability and accessibility experience an advantage  Understands browser specific compatibility issues.  Enthusiasm for Internet technologies.  Experience of domain and hosting management systems/practices would be advantageous.  Ability to debug and test own development tasks and projects.  This role is for a web developer role and an individual comfortable with web technologies, this is not a software developer role. The ideal candidate will be passionate about building website and eager to take on new challenges. My client takes on varying projects and are constantly looking to push the boundaries, the candidate should able to become part of their growing team, but also play a part in how they develop their offering. Web Developer, Birmingham, Agency, **** , 30,000 Blue Skies Marketing Recruitment specialises in marketing jobs across Creative, PR, Clientside, Account Handling and Executive. We offer unrivalled opportunities across all specialisms and industry sectors, presenting you with only the best marketing jobs. Although we try to respond to all applications, the high number we receive means this isn`t always possible. If you have not heard from us within **** hours, please assume that your application has not been successful. For more information, visit www.blueskiescareers.co.uk and we`ll make sure we do our best to find you the perfect marketing role. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/WebDeveloper_job****
