Title: Microsoft NET Developer
Full Description: Microsoft .Net Developer  Global FTSE 100 Are you a dynamic, ambitious Software Developer who is looking for diversity within their role, expanding their technical skills in a working environment that will allow you to grow your skill set and progress within the organisation to senior levels while remaining hands on with leading edge technology. You will be working on complex, cutting edge projects for a high profile company within their security and fraud detection team. This position will offer you a range of exciting projects designing and developing software applications to a business critical and high quality level. You will be working for an award winning department of the business that is viewed as key to its continued success. Your responsibilities will include: Responding to client requests, anticipating, meeting client problems and needs using innovative approaches when applicable. Delivering high quality work to meet client expectations and project deadlines. Involvement in all aspects of the development life cycle. Responding to, and resolve, technical issues. Working alongside clients or directly for client personnel. Contributing to improve software development approaches and quality of deliverables. You will need:  Solid C .NET **** (ideally **** and/or understanding of key differences)  NET Server Side Service development (WCF Services, Web Services, Windows Services)  NET ASP.NET GUI development (including ASP.NET MVC / MVC****;  NET Windows Workflow Foundation (WWF);  ADO.NET Entity Framework or any other DAO mapping framework  Knowledge and experience of .NET architectures;  Experience of Visual Studio **** and 2010;  Experience of at least one relational database and accessing that using ADO.NET (or similar)  Degree qualified in either IT, Engineering, Mathematics or Science, with strong Alevels or equivalent. Desirable  Microsoft Certified Professional (MCP) accreditation  Experience and / or understanding of Agile (Scrum) or other iterative / Agile methodologies  High level understanding of data warehousing principles and considerations including star schemas, database design (logical and physical) and tuning;  High level understanding of Microsoft DB This is a fantastic position to work with an award winning company that will enable you to use your technical skill set and expand on it with the latest technology along with using your leadership skills. For more information please send through your CV to Alex Froude
