Title: First /Second Line Support Analyst
Full Description: First / Second Line Support Analyst. Help Desk Support Analyst. Help desk support via phone email. Call Logging, call resolution, SQL database, web applications, Microsoft applications (MSWord, MSPowerpoint etc), strong verbal written communication skills. Permanent opportunity. Salary; ****  **** To start; ASAP. Based; Milton Keynes, Buckinghamshire. My client are an expanding software company, working within the financial services space. Due to internal promotion, they are now keen to identify a bright Computer Science graduate, looking for their first or second role in industry. The successful candidate will have the following skills; (i)Exemplary communication and customer facing abilities (ii)Previous experience working on a support desk (this role is about taking time with each customer resolving customer problems. It will not necessarily suit someone used to working in a large support centre environment) (iii)Sound understanding of web applications and SQL databases (v) ****:1 degree or above in Computer Science or similar This role will provide an excellent first step into the IT marketplace. If you're hard working, conscientious and have a degree in Computing (****:1 or above), this could be the perfect opportunity for you. Ideally applicants will have a mixture of outstanding customer service skills and experience with SQL databases and / or web applications (commercial or academic experience). My client are a successful niche software solutions provider. They are looking to appoint an additional technician into their support team, to ensure that they can maintain their first class level of service, to their impressive customer base, predominantly rooted in the Financial Services industry. The successful candidate in this role will be the first point of contact for support to the customer base, via phone and email. He / she will be responsible for providing efficient call handling ( resolution where possible), to a wide range of technical queries and issues from super users. The first level of support will normally have been handled by the customer's internal support department so this role is effectively a second line support role, typically dealing with bugs, hardware faults or configurational issues. This will involve call escalation liaison with software developers where appropriate and providing clear progress reports to the customer throughout the process. He/she will also be required to keep a clear record of document resolution in a knowledge database. Above all, he / she will be helpful and conscientious and able to provide an impressive level of customer care. He/she will be encouraged to take on increasing levels of responsibility as their knowledge of the software products grows. Applicants must have excellent written and verbal communication skills and have a pleasant and friendly persona with customers. Please note that the interview process in this instance will involve a verbal logical reasoning and an intelligence test. Please respond with a Word copy CV. All applicants must be eligible to work in the UK on a permanent basis and will be required to provide proof of identification and eligibility prior to interview IT Executive Group is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/FirstSecondLineSupportAnalyst_job****
