Title: Tester /Architect (Performance) Milton Keynes  NEW
Full Description: Tester /Architect (Performance) – Milton Keynes  NEW The Company: Focus IT has the pleasure with assisting this world leading supplier of SaaS Workforce Management Solutions My client have developed a SaaS (Software as a Service) solution that caters for markets such as Retail, Manufacturing and many more, they have been in business for over 25 years. The Role: Due to organic business growth we are now seeking a Performance Tester/ Architect to join the dynamic Development team. The role will require you to design and execute performance test scenarios for a Linux, Apache, MySQL, PHP (LAMP) application using automated performance testing tools. You will analyse outputs and identify areas for improvement at all levels of the system – application; database; hardware and occasionally network layers. Key Skills:  Experience designing, executing and analysing automated load test scenarios (Jmeter or similar)  Knowledge of Linux, Apache, MySQL and PHP (LAMP) applications and experience of scaling them  Experience of MySQL performance tuning and monitoring  Experience of Linux performance monitoring tools e.g. vmstat, top, sar, proc The role requires you to research and propose new architectures to support impending growth and takeon of new customers for the SaaS service. Daily duties include database testing, analyzing and performance testing of my clients systems. Alongside this collaborate with software developers and designers to validate new designs for their scalability and high availability potential. The Candidate: We are seeking an exceptional Performance Tester with good database exposure to MySQL and strong knowledge of Application Systems testing within a LAMP environment. You will have a minimum ****/4 years commercial exposure to Performance Testing. Experience of large scale SaaS deployments would be highly beneficial towards your application. This is an excellent opportunity for a Performance Tester seeking to utilise your testing skill sets within this rewarding and dynamic organisation. PLEASE NOTE – you must have excellent English verbal and written communication skills The Location: The role is based in Milton Keynes, Buckinghamshire, Oxford, Hertfordshire, Bedford, Northampton and Luton.
