Title: Software Developer in Test, C, Test Automation, Selenium
Full Description: Software Developer in Test, C, Test Automation, Selenium My client is a one of the leading ecommerce companies in the UK, and have an opportunity for a candidate with strong skills in C Development and Testing to become an integral part of a test automation framework. Working within a highly transactional, Agile environment, the Automation Test Analyst will be responsible for developing automated test solutions for complex high performance online systems as well as contributing to the implementation of an automated test strategy from scratch. The Automation Test Analyst must be proficient in coding in C as well as working within an Automated Test Framework within an Agile environment. The successful candidate will have experience of working with open source test tools, and a passion for discovering new test tools, as well as experience designing their own bespoke automated test scripts. Required skills:  C programming experience, used to develop Automated test scripts and harnesses  Strong understanding of Automated Testing  Hands on automated experience with open source tools such as Selenium  Strong experience of working within an Agile Environment  Experience of writing test scripts and scenarios  Online experience would be preferred If you feel you meet these requirements and would like to find out more about this role please send a copy of your CV or call on **** **** **** for more information. Your application will be held in strict confidence and your CV will not be forwarded on with a prior detailed conversation about the role and company and your express permission. Allegis Group Limited and Aston Carter Limited operate Employment Businesses and Agencies and are companies within the Allegis Group Inc. group of companies, the fourth largest staffing company in the world, (collectively referred to as the Allegis Group ). TEKsystems and Aerotek are divisions of Allegis Group Limited. Applicant data will be treated in accordance with the Allegis Group s Privacy Notice http://www.allegisgroup.com/Privacy/Default.aspx). By submitting personal data to any company or division within the Allegis Group, the applicant is providing explicit consent to the use of such data by the Allegis Group and to the transfer of such data to and from the Allegis Group companies within the UK, Europe and outside the European Economic Area in connection with the fulfilment of the applicant s voluntary requests, and the fulfilment of other job opportunities that match the applicant s profile, and confirms that they may be contacted about such job opportunities. 
