Title: QA Developer  Test Engineer  London
Full Description: QA Developer  Test Engineer  London My prestigious client is looking to hire an experienced QA Developer to join their Londonbased development team. This is an exciting opportunity to build and automate their QA frameworks and testing capabilities. The ideal candidate will be an experienced software developer with a deep appreciation of automated build, testing frameworks and onetouch deployment. You will have excellent understanding of at least one OOP, ideally C, and have proven ability building complex automation frameworks using open source automation tools such as Selenium. You will also have a strong understanding of the Agile methodology. You will be working on various development projects taking a Lead Technical QA role within their development structure. You will be working closely with BA s and Technical Leads in creating and reviewing technical test strategies. This will then lead to automating the system testing process across individual programmes and projects. There is a high degree of autonomy for the successful candidate and an opportunity to make a longterm, positive impact. Key Requirements: Hands on experience of C, .Net or VB Knowledge of automated test tools such as Selenium Agile development methodology Passionate about technology and the use of automated builds Excellent communication and interpersonal skills If you require further information please email Matthew on Allegis Group Limited and Aston Carter Limited operate Employment Businesses and Agencies and are companies within the Allegis Group Inc. group of companies, the fourth largest staffing company in the world, (collectively referred to as the Allegis Group ). TEKsystems and Aerotek are divisions of Allegis Group Limited. Applicant data will be treated in accordance with the Allegis Group s Privacy Notice http://www.allegisgroup.com/Privacy/Default.aspx). By submitting personal data to any company or division within the Allegis Group, the applicant is providing explicit consent to the use of such data by the Allegis Group and to the transfer of such data to and from the Allegis Group companies within the UK, Europe and outside the European Economic Area in connection with the fulfilment of the applicant s voluntary requests, and the fulfilment of other job opportunities that match the applicant s profile, and confirms that they may be contacted about such job opportunities. 
