Title: QA / Tester  eCommerce  C, Agile  up to ****k  London
Full Description: QA / Tester  eCommerce  C, Agile  up to ****k  London A talented QA / Tester with strong C coding skills is required by a market leading eCommerce business in London. This fastgrowing highly successful eCommerce company are seeking an experienced QA / Tester to help build software, automate quality assurance frameworks and extend testing capabilities. Based out of modern, open offices in a fantastic central London location, this company have a fun and friendly working culture and place a huge emphasis on providing an excellent service for their millions of customers. Working within a heavily Agile (SCRUM) focussed software development environment this challenging QA role will see you work on a range of exciting software development projects across their full lifecycle. You will play a key role in one of this companies many software development teams and working closely with the agile developers and business analysts you will help build both new solutions and systems as well as enhance existing ones. You will review, verify and set story and feature acceptance criteria, develop and create test strategies and plans and develop automation test functionality at unit, integration and system tiers. You will carry out hands on manual testing when automation is not appropriate and will constantly attempt to drive process improvements and implement best practice. To be considered you must be a talented QA, Software Tester or Software Developer with strong hands on C coding skills and an excellent knowledge of agile principles. You will possess a deep appreciation of the value of automated build, testing frameworks and onetouch deployment. The must have skills for this role are:  Strong knowledge of Agile development methodologies (XP, Scrum)  Hands on C coding skills  Strong skills in developing test automation and test frameworks  Broad experience in a range of testing activities including functional testing, integration testing, UAT and performance and load testing. Ideally you will have experience of SQL Server and you will have used tools such WebDriver, SpecFlow, Fitnesse, NUnit and Visual Studio for Software Testers. Skills in Continuous Integration tools such as Go, NAnt or similar are also highly desirable. This company have a highly collaborative workforce where ideas and opinions are valued therefore you should be a strong confident communicator who works well in a team environment. Based in London, an excellent salary of ****k****k  benefits including is on offer to the successful candidates as well as superb opportunities for longterm career progression, training and development. If you are a QA / Tester with strong Agile experience and C coding skills and want to work on exciting projects for a fastgrowing eCommerce company then apply now by sending your CV. The People Network is working as an employment agency on this vacancy. Visa Required: Applicants must be eligible to work in the specified location
