Title: Software Developer | C Net SQL Server
Full Description: One of our new Business Partners is looking for a motivated Software Developer to join their exciting IT Department based in the Warrington area. With this opportunity comes an excellent working environment, designing new and existing .Net Web Applications for the company’s core critical systems. Software Developer Role You will join the IT Team and be heavily involved in maintaining the existing Business Critical Systems. Whilst maintaining the systems you will have a keen eye for efficient process and look to design, develop and test new functionalities for the support of the Business requirements. With such a prestigious role you will have the freedom and diversity to support Database Administration, Server Administration, Business Analysis and Business Reporting. You will be prioritizing your work load to ensure your projects within the IT Development Team are brought in on time and to schedule. You will always be looking to solve issues within the system and look to suggest new approaches to development with new and innovative ideas to ensure the Business Critical system is efficient and a cut above the competition. Software Developer Essential Skills C .Net SQL Databases Web Services / Application Development Software Developer Desirable Skill (NOT ESSENTIAL) MVC WCF / WPF Subversion Software Developer Application Process If you are looking to join a leading business with a real ethical approach to their employees, whilst working within an IT Software Development team working on complex projects please forward your CV to lee.feeneynortheremployment.co.uk for immediate consideration. Northern Employment Services are acting as an employment agency in respect to this advertisement. Due to the number of application we may not be able to contact you, we do apologise but if you have not heard from us within 14 days, your application has not been successful. We would however like to wish you all the success in future and ongoing applications. Software Developer | C .Net SQL Server This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SoftwareDeveloperC%****NetSQLServer_job****
