Title: Software Developer C NET SQL
Full Description: We develop bespoke software solutions. We are primarily a Microsoft .NET specialist, and focus on retail, logistics and warehousing solutions. We develop mainly browser based applications and middleware. The business is embarking on it's first expansion and are looking to recruit a skilled software developer with some experience of developing web based applications using the .NET platform in c with a SQL Server database backend. We strive for excellence in what we do, using tried and trusted techniques on modern platforms in an innovative way. The focus is generally on developing solutions into more packages applications which can be resold into the enterprise market. Our core product initially covers warehouse stock management of graded stock, and is used by a middle tier supplier trading the majority of Amazon return stock in the UK. We may look to deliver our own hardware solutions to compliment our software, either directly or with partners. We also develop other bespoke solutions and middleware as required by our clients, building on our core platform where possible. The role: The company is looking to put the foundations in place for a highly skilled team and this is a crucial software development position working alongside the company founder to shape the future product development strategy and deliver exciting, innovative and reliable solutions for our customers. Your personality in helping to build and maintain this team is an important part of your aptitude for the role. Software developments skills (primary mandatory) Software application development in a web context ASP.NET with web forms c.net TSQL on SQL Server 2005/****/2012 SQL Server Management Studio HTML/XHTML with Javascript Windows Forms AJAX Visual Studio ****/2010/2012 Windows Server **** Windows 7 XML Web Services Software developments skills (secondary optional) Programming in an alternative object oriented language such as VB.NET, Objective C, C++ or Java WPF Classic ASP/VBScript VBA Windows CE/Compact .NET Framework PHP MySQL/Oracle or other relational database Mobile device application development Software Testing Windows Services Personal Skills Qualities Ability to work without supervision Good problem solving ability Can do attitude Analytical approach Good research skills Keen interest in new methodologies/approaches, technologies and related topics to improve our ability to develop and delivery high quality leading edge solutions Ability to collaborate and work with others when required Flexible and diligent approach to deadlines and working hours when required Thought the role is office based, the ability to travel from time to time to customer sites, trade shows or demonstrations. Occasional customer site working which may be overseas in the future but initially is likely to be UK midlands/London A driving license and access to transport would be helpful You will benefit from flexible working arrangements in return for dedication when deadlines dictate. We may be able to offer this role on a 4 day week arrangement which can be discussed at interview. Holiday Entitlement: **** days per annum pro rata  public holidays Working Hours: 40 hours per week average Probationary period: 6 months If you are interested in the advertised position please apply through the requested method and we will be in touch shortly with regards to your suitability for the role. Sharpe Recruitment is a North East based consultancy, dedicated to placing professionals in rewarding jobs throughout the North of England across a variety of disciplines including Digital Media, Creative Advertising, Sales Marketing, PR, IT and Business Operations.
