Title: Experienced FileMaker Developer
Full Description: Our Client is seeking a Filemaker Software Developer to join their staff. This is a permanent role beased in Cobham, Surrey and is paying ********K. Main Duties: Support the integration of three databases for use in all other departments Work with staff to ensure that migration to new databases meets the needs of departments Assist in database training programmes for staff Assist in the development of, and distribute up to date database documentation Assist in the development of procedures and protocol for database users for system security, data input, data confidentiality, data cleansing, and assessment of data integrity Implement software upgrades and updates Ensure servers are running efficiently, and data is backed up Attend to database support requests which includes troubleshooting and handling of debugging activities Ensure up to date compliance with all data protection and IT licensing agreements Establish and maintain effective working relationships Key Attributes: Proven track record of managing a multisite vendors To be able to problem solve Demonstrate initiative and organisation Experience with Apple Macintosh environments is desirable. Experience with Windows and iOS based environments would be an advantage Minimum qualifications as a Filemaker Developer or similar experience  General knowledge of methods and problems with databases, and excellent Filemaker systems HTML, ODBC or SQL and dynamic web content development skills such as JavaScript, php, asp or .net Knowledge of financial and other businessrelated systems/databases would be an advantage. Team player with excellent customer service and communication skills. Willingness to work flexible hours. Working 5 Days per week including some evenings, weekends and Bank Holidays. Apply in the strictest of confidence to Epersonnel Recruitment, based in Leatherhead, **** High Street, Surrey. Epersonnel  Specialists in Permanent Temporary Recruitment, including; Administration, Executives Professionals, Secretarial PA, Accounts Finance, Graduate opportunities, Human Resources, Recruitment Consultancy, Sales Marketing, Customer Service, Legal, Procurement, Oil Gas positions, Pensions, Charity opportunities, and PartTime positions. Thank you for showing your interest in Epersonnel. Please be aware that we may have had a high volume of responses regarding this opportunity. Should your application be successful, you will be contacted shortly. Visit our new website www.epersonnel.co.uk  from the website you can follow us on Facebook, Twitter and LinkedIn. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ExperiencedFileMakerDeveloper_job****
