Title: Senior VBNET Developer, VBNET, ASPNET, SQL Server
Full Description: Senior VB.NET Software Developer, VB.NET Developer, VB.NET, ASP.NET, SQL Server, XHTML/XML/XSLT, CSS, JavaScript, Ajax, East Midlands, Leicestershire.  Initial **** month fixedterm contract  Joining one of the UK s most recognised names you will be tasked to provide highquality programming and analytical skills needed to develop and support complex IT systems (HR, Finance etc.). The role will be developing new and maintaining existing websites and other inhouse developed applications. The ideal candidate will have strong experience of software development working efficiently both within a team structure and independently. Essential Criteria: Solid commercial web development programming experience using VB.NET, ASP.NET and SQL Server. Competent with XHTML/XML/XSLT. Experience in CSS/JavaScript/Ajax. Strong logical, analytical and problem solving skills. Understand the full Project Lifecycle. Experience of integrating inhouse written software with thirdparty packages. Excellent research and analysis skills. Demonstrate the ability to formulate effective test plans. Demonstrate ability to Plan and Prioritise work. Ability to work with business users to produce effective and robust systems. Desirable Criteria: Experience in ASP and Visual Basic would be useful but not essential. Good working knowledge of configuring Windows operating systems would be a distinct advantage. Key responsibilities: Developing new and maintaining existing websites. Providing analytical and programming skills across a range of applications and business areas. Translating business requirements into code and applications. Developing, testing and implementing code to team and IT Industry standards. Seeking to expand knowledge and documentation of business processes and systems. Communicating effectively at all levels; within the team, with business users, and other systems departments. Working on own initiative, to tight deadlines. Salary: To ****  Excellent Benefits Location: Leicestershire, East Midlands. Celebrating 25 years of successful recruitment within IT, Technical and Engineering disciplines, our highly experienced team of specialist consultants offer professional and transparent services to match the individual needs of both clients and candidates. We recruit Permanent and Contract Development, Architect, Technical Team Lead, Senior Developer, Principal Software Engineer, Software Developer, Software Engineer, Analyst Programmer, Junior Developer, Junior Software Engineer, C, .NET, ASP.NET, VB.NET, C++, Java, SQL Server jobs across the Midlands
