Title: Windows Software Developer
Full Description: Position: Windows Software Developer Location: Stockport, Cheshire Salary: **** To **** Sector: Information Technology CDL is a leading independent software house supplying systems to the insurance industry, currently looking for an experienced Windows Developer The Role We are currently looking for a proven Microsoft Windows based software developer to develop, maintain and support our applications/utilities. The role involves ensuring that program functionality/application integration meets customer expectations and company quality standards. In order to apply you must have a proven ability in a related programming environment, preferably within an insurance related role though this is not essential. The successful candidate will be educated to at least HNC/HND standard or equivalent in a relevant subject and will possess a proven and demonstrable ability in C and VB6. Applicants must be self motivated, organised and positive team players with good communication skills as they will need to communicate effectively with internal, and possibly external customers. We can only accept applications from people eligible to work in the European Union. Requirements  In order to apply you must have a proven ability in a related programming environment, preferably within an insurance related role though this is not essential.  The successful candidate will be educated to at least HNC/HND standard or equivalent in a relevant subject and will possess a proven and demonstrable ability in C and VB6.  Exposure and knowledge of object orientated programming is essential. Applicants must be selfmotivated, organised and positive team players with good communication skills as they will need to communicate effectively with internal and possibly external customers. This vacancy requires candidates to have the right to work and live in the UK indefinitely without restriction. Please Note: Due to the nature of our business, successful candidates will be required to undergo a credit reference check and criminal records bureau check. If interested in this position, simply apply via the button shown.
