Title: GENOMIC SOFTWARE PROGRAMMER
Full Description: The Health Informatics Centre (HIC) supports world class, high impact research to improve care and population health, through the collection and management of high quality data in a secure environment with strong data governance. The successful candidate will join the rapidly evolving Informatics Centre at the University of Dundee delivering electronic health data to enable world class research. You will work under the Software Architect, Scientists, Clinicians and Development Programme Manager as part of a growing team to manage and deliver genomic data within a secure environment. The Tayside Bioresource contains consented DNA samples from over **** individuals and large scale genotyping and sequencing projects are ongoing. The successful candidate will be involved in delivering systematic genomic data QC and curation across these projects. Working on Tayside Bioresource provides access to an international collection of projects at the leading edge of human clinical genomics. You will be a widely experienced software developer fluent in at least 1 of the following Java, C .NET or Python and be used to coding as part of a development team. You should have demonstrable experience of MVC development, SVN code repositories and automated builds, continuous integration/test systems. You will have excellent relational database and SQL programming skills. Experience of developing Web Applications & Web Services would also be appropriate. You will ideally be a specialist in the field of Genomics with a strong working knowledge of biological and genomic concepts. You should be used to working in a close team environment, delivering service under pressure within tight deadlines. The step change in the way that health data will be managed also means that understanding and experience of High Performance Computing, Big Data, NoSQL, Hadoop and large scale business analytics would be advantageous. This is a fantastic opportunity for a motivated individual to join a highly innovative group seeking to change the way research and analytics are delivered. Candidates willing to learn and seeking exposure to a wide range of new technologies are strongly encouraged to apply. Summary of Skills, Experience and Qualifications Skills Essential You will be a specialist in the field of Genomics with a strong working knowledge of biological and genomic concepts. A team player with the ability to work using own initiative, deliver outputs within agreed timeframes and work under pressure. Skills in a range of objectoriented programming languages e.g. (C,.NET, Java, C++, PYTHON etc.). Experience of developing Web Applications & Web Services. Excellent relational database and SQL programming skills. Experience of preparing technical proposals / reports. Excellent verbal and written communication skills. All round development and testing expertise. Desirable Prior knowledge of large scale genotype data/ next generation sequencing data Experience of working within a production software environment and organising tasks to fit defined release cycles is desirable Experience of working with very large datasets and distributed / HPC computing environments. Knowledge and experience of healthcare information models, terminologies, ontologies, knowledge bases, and detailed clinical models. An understanding of the governance of health data. An understanding of different types of programming methodologies e.g. agile. Experience of working with Design Patterns and APIs. Experience of both Linux/Unix and Microsoft windows environments. Experience of the full life cycle of projects. Experience of reporting and data analysis tools. Knowledge and experience of generalpurpose modelling languages such as UML. An academic publishing record Qualifications Essential Good first degree in Computing, Biological Science or relevant discipline Desirable Ph.D. or MSc in Biological Science, Bioinformatics or relevant discipline To visit our website and apply for this role please click the APPLY button Closing date: 01 February 2013 The University of Dundee is committed to equal opportunities and welcomes applications from all sections of the community. The University of Dundee is a Scottish Registered Charity, No. SC****
