Title: Software Tester  C++ test Development
Full Description: Software test Engineer with experience with programming in C++/C required to join an experience Aerospace company working on a number of cutting edge developments. The company is entering a period of significant expansion due to the award of a number of major development contracts. As a result of these contract awards and future opportunities, the company is seeking motivated and skilled C++ Software Tester to be part of the Software development team for these programmes within the technical operations Business Area. We are developing novel and complex safetyrelated embedded software in support of these and other programmes and as a result, we have vacancies for a number of Software Test engineers who will work with the software development team to help ensure the quality and safety of the products we develop. Responsibilities: Candidate s responsibilities include: Providing test support and advice to the immediate team, and to the wider organisation, in support of the programmes and other software developments within the organisation. As a key member of the development team, facilitating the production of high quality, safe, reliable, fitforpurpose software. Proven test skills targeting embedded systems are essential for this role. Candidates will be expected to perform their role with the minimum of supervision once assigned a specific task, working in support of and in collaboration with the software developers. Required Skills: Self starter with the ability to work with little supervision. Significant capabilities in embedded unit and system test. Exposure to automated and manual test systems. Good knowledge in developing test strategies. Strong oral and written communication skills. Successful candidates will possess a desire to be challenged and to contribute towards the success and growth of the business. In return we can offer career development, an empowered and supportive working environment and competitive reward package. You must be prepared to undergo a security clearance vetting process. If you wish to discuss this position in confidence or to speak to me regarding your situation or any other opportunities then please don t hesitate to contact me. Click here to contact this recruiter **** **** 
