Title: Software Developer
Full Description: Our client based in Taunton is looking for a Software Developer, this is a full time permanent position. This role will require the developer to turn their hand to all elements of enterprise application development, from database through service and user interface layers, using appropriate technologies, patterns and methodologies. The candidates applying for this role Is able to:  Prioritise tasks based on importance and urgency requirements  Demonstrate persistence to overcome major obstacles, offering solutions and workarounds  Report any issues that may impact on business and financial performance.  Look for opportunities for positive development in changing circumstances.  Collaborate effectively with others.  Share ideas for improving customer service with colleagues.  Build strong relationships with customers (internal and/or external).  Develop ways to speed up repetitive tasks using available systems. Make suggestions and generates support for changes to working practices Suggests ideas and a plan to improve process, customer service, quality and safety.  Make suggestions and generates support for changes to working practices.  Share customer feedback with others to identify potential problems before they happen. Duties include:  Undertaking the analysis, design, coding and testing of software products/projects as directed by the Head of Software Development.  Maintaining and supporting existing software as directed by the Head of Software Development.  Exercising best efforts and known best practice to ensure that software performs accurately, efficiently and reliably.  Employ known patterns and best practice to ensure software is maintainable, reusable and logically structured.  Exercising best efforts and knownbest practice to ensure that software is documented and annotated appropriately to enable the understanding and support by other software developers.  Taking an active interest in technology.  Making recommendations regarding the systems and software, both voluntarily and as requested.  Any other areas of responsibility as appropriate to meet the needs of the business.  Completing development projects in line with agreed timelines.  Ensuring that software output is reliable, scalable and highly usable.  Ensuring that software change exactly meets client requirement (both internal and external)  Ensuring that the approach to problem solving is logical, and results in expedient resolution. The successful candidate must have experience in a similar teambased software development role, developing and supporting enterprise applications. It would also be desirable for the candidate to have knowledge of Web Design, Windows desktop application design, Any .Net certifications, Experience of new/emergent Microsoft development technologies. Change Recruitment Services Limited provides services as an Agency and an Employment Business, and is committed to equal opportunities for all candidates.
