Title: Linux Security Engineer / Specialist
Full Description: Linux Security Specialist / Security Engineer My clients are a leading IT Security Managed Service Provider and Information Security Consultancy. As part of their rapid growth they are expanding the managed security systems team. They are now seeking a Linux Security Specialist Engineer to help develop their distribution and associated client solutions. The role will also involve assisting with indepth investigations, and 3rd line support to clients solutions. The main technologies they develop, and support, are Linux based, combining open source technologies with our their inhouse developed components. They have developed and maintained their own distribution for over 10 years. Client solutions involve the management of security devices such as firewalls, intrusion prevention and detection and also management of hosting environments. Many solutions are designed and managed to be PCI DSS compliant. In addition, they do support a small number of vendor product solutions. Role Requirements You must have a strong technical background in Linuxbased security development, combined with expertise in networking. Your experience may not have come directly from your current or previous roles, but perhaps your own personal development. This is a permanent role for an office based security engineer working in a new Security Operations Centre in Bradford, West Yorkshire. To be successful, you must have a strong attention to detail and an analytical approach to problem solving and trend analysis. You will be looking for new challenges and the rewards of a career in this exciting field. That s the recruiter speak, so to cut to the chase here is your typical day: You will arrive early Drink (good) coffee Solve the hardest problems you ve ever met Work out why TCP is flawed Get frustrated with vendor products Grab lunch Know Linux is your friend Get lots of help from your team mates Give lots of help to your team mates Show the clients the right way to do it Stop hackers (crackers) and fraudsters Share your great ideas Leave tired but eager for tomorrow My clients employee benefits package includes company pension scheme and private healthcare. The company are looking to fill this role URGENTLY The role will suit individuals currently working as a Linux Security Specialist, Information Security Consultant, Software Developer, Analyst Programmer, Software Engineer and living within a commutable distance of Bradford, Leeds, Yorkshire or willing to relocate
