Title: iOS Software Developer  Leader in Mobile Application Innovatio
Full Description: My client are simply the market leader in mobile application development. The company boasts an impressive array of high profile customers all over the world and have a reputation for their outstanding ability to understand business objectives and strategies; and then achieve exceptional results. As an iOS developer you will be required to be ambitious about technology and taking control of an applications full product lifecycle. Within this role, you will be developing apps for a wide range of needs and purposes, whether it be financial, gaming or even software houses. The ideal candidate will have: Excellent deviceside iOS programming skills Understanding of objectoriented programming Ideally a good porfolio of applications This is an amazing opportunity to take that step forward in your career and work amongst exciting areas of iOS development. In words of my client, they aspire to making apps that you want to lick . If you believe that you are the person to roll up your sleeves up and do this, please do not hesitate to apply. If interested please send your CV to Rizwan or call on **** Allegis Group Limited and Aston Carter Limited operate Employment Businesses and Agencies and are companies within the Allegis Group Inc. group of companies, the fourth largest staffing company in the world, (collectively referred to as the Allegis Group ). TEKsystems and Aerotek are divisions of Allegis Group Limited. Applicant data will be treated in accordance with the Allegis Group s Privacy Notice http://www.allegisgroup.com/Privacy/Default.aspx). By submitting personal data to any company or division within the Allegis Group, the applicant is providing explicit consent to the use of such data by the Allegis Group and to the transfer of such data to and from the Allegis Group companies within the UK, Europe and outside the European Economic Area in connection with the fulfilment of the applicant s voluntary requests, and the fulfilment of other job opportunities that match the applicant s profile, and confirms that they may be contacted about such job opportunities. 
