Title: Junior Software Developer
Full Description: Junior Software Developer Essex ****k dependant upon skills and experience. A great opportunity has arisen for a Junior Software Developer to join a close knit digital development team for an independent Education Publisher in Essex. The role will involve developing educational software products for both school and home use (including mobile/tablets) and providing technical support to customers on those products. The main responsibilities of the Junior Software Developer are to help with the design and creation of educational applications for literacy and music using Java, Android OS and Apple iOS. Skills and knowledge in both Android and Apple development are ideal, however if you are stronger in one more than the other, but have the desire to continue learning both Android OS and Apple iOS then this is the perfect opportunity to do so. Many of the existing applications heavily use Flash so some knowledge and skills in Flash would be highly beneficial to the Junior Software Developer. The right developer will be MAC and PC literate, have knowledge of crossplatform development and also be able to code in HTML, CSS, XML and JavaScript. Knowledge of ActionScript **** and Photoshop will also be beneficial for the successful Junior Software Developer. The purpose of the applications is to teach literacy and music in a fun way, so if you enjoy developing and designing games for both Android and Apple platforms and have excellent written English too, then this is definitely the right role for you This well established and successful publisher have been running since the ****s and now sell over 2 million publications each year across 100 countries worldwide. Their overall aim is to teach literacy and music to young children in a fun and engaging way; so a fun and stimulating working environment is on offer. This is a fantastic opportunity to work on some exciting products and gain some strong skills in mobile development across both Android and Apple operating systems. A competitive salary is on offer depending upon the level of experience of the successful Junior Software Developer. If you are a recent graduate or are currently a Junior Software Developer looking to expand your skills and knowledge within mobile development, then this is the right role for you Dont delay and apply today to start developing your career in the wonderful world of mobile application developmentDigital Personnel is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. Digital Personnel is a specialist recruitment consultancy supporting the digital media market, developing recruitment partnerships with innovative interactive businesses on a global scale. Digital Personnel supply the talent so that our clients can focus on creating and implementing online marketing strategies that continue to push the boundaries within this everevolving industry.
