Title: SOA Software Developer
Full Description: SOA Software Developer job: For this role, we require an SOA Software Developer to work in our UK Headquarters in Surrey, Leatherhead. You will be reporting to the Engineering Director and be actively involved in critical software development and enhancements within the Fixed/Mobile Telecoms industry. Main Job Summary: To work with the IVIEW SON development team to develop/enhance OSS capabilities and in particular Algorithm SOA framework (IVIEW Code Structure focus, domain aware, Algorithm Framework not Algorithms) Your job duties will include:  Requirements decomposition for allocated tasks from feature/requirement level to Story/Task level.  Software development of SOA based services and general mobile tool/service development.  The job will require occasional travel. Experience and qualifications:  Degree level Software Developer with some background in Fixed Telecoms/Mobile Telecoms  Demonstrable software development capability in Microsoft .Net, **** C and SOA/WCF is essential in this job.  Demonstrable software development experience in ActiveMQ or similar bus preferable and SQL/Oracle experience is beneficial We will also consider skilled Java SOA developers willing to work in C area. AIRCOM is an independent leading provider of network planning, management and optimisation tools, and services. IVIEW, our open, standardsbased framework, allows mobile network operators to rapidly, efficiently and seamlessly plan, manage, configure and optimise their networks. AIRCOM's IVIEW products enable operators to regain visibility and control of their entire network, enabling radical shifts in business dynamics to become more efficient, more agile and more profitable. The market leader in the provision and deployment of network engineering tools, AIRCOM products are in use across 135 countries by over half the world's mobile operators. Every day, the **** top global operators depend upon AIRCOM's tools and consultants to improve network coverage and quality for more than **** billion subscribers worldwide. Established for 15 years, we have built our reputation on creating and releasing additional value from within cellular networks.
