Title: Software Developer  CNet, SQL Server, Visual Studio
Full Description: Code Red Associates are a specialist supplier of ICT resource to the public sector, local authority social housing sectors. We are currently resourcing for an exciting opportunity for a Software Developer (C.Net/VB.Net, SQL Server, Visual Studio, APIs) to develop business process workflows for a respected established software house and ICT outsourcing organisation that is committed to employee development. The role will be London based, salaried and of a fixed term for one year initially. The purpose of the role is primarily to be responsible for mapping business processes before programming them into a newly implemented software system. Therefore the role will require the suitable applicant to have a mixture of Business/Systems Analyst, Scoping, and Development Programming skills. Your role will involve attending functional scoping requirement meeting, producing functional technical specifications, developing new workflows in the system, making sure that existing workflows run smoothly and can be adapted to suit the needs of the organisation (involve adding/changing standard letters as well as writing/refining reports generated by workflows), testing, assisting in UAT and providing support to the business. You will also advise on and assist with the integration of various systems. This may involve advising on the use of text within workflows, the development of the workflow portal itself, and assisting in the integration with the corporate performance management application as well other systems. The product itself is based on a .Net framework SQL Server database, so developers with .Net (C and/or VB.Net welcome), Visual Studio, SQL Object Orientated programming will be able to get to grips with the system efficiently. These are essential skills for the post. You will also have excellent communication and customer facing skills as this role will be working solely on one customer site. Any further skills or knowledge developing APIs (Application Programming Interfaces) to deliver integration and application deployment within a Citrix or Terminal Server environment would be advantageous. Desirable skills include previous workflow development knowledge and experience working within a Social Housing environment, with Social Housing business processes/dataflows, and/or with Social Housing Management Software (such as Civica Universal/W**** Orchard Housing, Northgate Housing/OHMS, Capita Academy/OpenHousing, Aareon QLx, Kypera Housing, MIS ActiveH, et al.) This is an exciting opportunity to work with two progressive organisations and may very well lead to further work in the future. Please apply swiftly for immediate consideration.Code Red Associates acts as an Employment Agency/Business with regards to this vacancy. As an Equal Opportunities employer Code Red welcomes applications regardless of race, gender, nationality, ethnic origin, sexual orientation, religion, marital status, disability or age. All applicants are considered on the basis of their merits and abilities for the job.
