Title: C++, MFC Software Engineer  C++, MFC
Full Description: C++, MFC Software Engineer  C++, MFC  An industry leader has a fantastic opportunity work as a C++, MFC Software Engineer for those with experience of C++, MFC and interest in engineering to join international headquarters in picturesque surroundings. An industry leader in industrial metrology and spectroscopy has a fantastic opportunity work as a C++ Software Engineer with experience of C++ and ideally MFC, Scripting and CNC Machine tools to join their international headquarters in the picturesque WottonUnderEdge. The company manufacture and sell its products in the major markets around the world, have recently posted record profits in the FTSE 100 and have won awards for the training they give to their staff. This is a company with whom you will be able to develop both personally and professionally. The Job. This role will be working continuing a development with the Machine Tool Products Division (MTP) working on precision measurement . Key Functions: Developing software for precision measurement devices in C++, MFC with a well established team, there will be the opportunity for mathematical algorithm development, working on machine tools on overseas customer sites. This role will be ideal for software developers with a strong interest in engineering. Key Skills The following skills are considered essential to this role: Extensive experience developing software in C++ and MFC. The following skills are considered desirable for this role, while not essential candidates with experience of some or all of the following will be at an advantage: State Machines UML Mathematics Visual Studio Benefits: A Highly competitive pension scheme (a 2.5% employee contribution will result in a 9% company contribution). A Discretionary Bonus scheme. 25 days Holiday per year. As well as offering a flexitime scheme, Private Healthcare, Share Scheme, Life insurance, Childcare vouchers, A thriving social Calendar and a subsidised restaurant on site. To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK Matchtech is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy.
