Title: Software Developer  C / ASPNet / Agile / Javascript / AJAX
Full Description: Software Developer, C, ASP.Net, SQL Server, Javascript, AJAX, Solihull, Birmingham, West Midlands. Software Developer, C, ASP.Net, SQL Server, Javascript, AJAX, Solihull, Birmingham, West Midlands. A brilliant opportunity has arisen to join a growing, successful solutions provider based near Solihull in the West Midlands. You will join an existing development team working on the development of webbased, large scale business applications and Cloud Computing solutions. The role will involve working on the full software development lifecycle, from concept through to delivery, developing bespoke, highend solutions for a select industry sector. You will design, develop, test and release software applications using the disciplines of SCRUM, identifying and resolving issues and improving efficiency at every opportunity. The successful applicant will have a proven track record developing web, mobile and desktop applications within a commercial, software house environment. You must have excellent skills with ASP.Net and C with associated skills including SQL Server, AJAX, XML, HTML, CSS and Javascript. It would be very advantageous if applicants had any experience in WCF or WPF and you should also have a solid appreciation of developing software within an Agile / SCRUM environment. Due to the status of the business as Microsoft Gold Partner, and their commitment to continuing this association, it would also be very beneficial if applicants either already have or are working towards some sort of Microsoft accreditation in a relevant area of expertise. This is a great chance to join a expanding company offering exciting projects using the latest technologies as well as excellent personal and career growth opportunities. Based near Solihull, commutable from Birmingham, Coventry, Leamington Spa, Warwick, Tamworth, Nuneaton, Bromsgrove, Redditch, Sutton Coldfield, West Bromwich and Walsall. Salary **** commensurate with experience.
