Title: Software Developer / Programmer VBNet /VB6 / SQL Server
Full Description: Job Description Code Red Associates (CRA) is a leading supplier of Permanent Contract ICT resource to a variety of Blue Chip, SME expanding organisations throughout the UK. CRA are currently recruiting on an exclusive basis for a Software Developer/Programmer for our established, successful respected client in South Wales, a global business solutions provider offering a range of specialised business solutions to customers all around the world in ERP, Finance, HR Performance Management. The primary responsibility of the role will be to rewrite historic legacy VB6 system modules into a .Net framework with a SQL Server 2005 back end for a Windows environment. The initial phase of the project will involve the conversion of code from VB6 to VB.Net (any experience of working on such a project in the past would be highly desirable), before developing the new capabilities of the systems later in the project. This will involve a technical design focused on performance and usability. You will be expected to develop a high quality, user friendly solution within existing frameworks using the aforementioned technologies. To which end you will have an excellent track record developing VB.Net applications, excellent communications skills and a can do attitude. Essential technical skills for the post include tangible commercial experience developing VB.Net applications for a Windows environment with a SQL Server 2005/**** and, ideally, experience converting VB6 code into VB.Net with an understanding of the specific differences between the coding. Experience working with the .Net Framework, Visual Studio ****/2010 Visual SourceSafe would also be highly desirable. A 6 month contract with excellent chance of longer term extension is on offer with an established and progressive organisation for the candidates with the right skill set. Applications are being considered immediately, so please apply without delay. Desired Skills Experience  Software Development/Programming Track Record  VB.Net  VB6  SQL ServerCode Red Associates acts as an Employment Agency/Business with regards to this vacancy. As an Equal Opportunities employer Code Red welcomes applications regardless of race, gender, nationality, ethnic origin, sexual orientation, religion, marital status, disability or age. All applicants are considered on the basis of their merits and abilities for the job.
