Title: Development Manager  Agile / eCommerce  up to ****k  Bens
Full Description: Development Manager  Agile / eCommerce  London  up to ****k  Benefits Software Development Manager with strong knowledge of Agile required by fast growing,highly successful ecommerce business. In this high profile Development Manager role you will take control of a talented team of Agile software developers who are responsible for the development and enhancement of new and existing systems and services. You will lead, build and maintain an agile development capability, implement best practice and drive continuous improvement of the software delivery lifecycle. You will also be responsible for creating and maintaining a clear communication plan with the team to ensure that progress and KPI's can be monitored and you will manage the delivery of the team, ensuring that projects are on time and within budget. To be considered for this exciting Software Development Manager role you have significant previous experience of managing an Agile software development capability and will have a strong background in handson software development, preferably in .Net, Oracle and OOD. You must have experience in leading application and system development in an Agile / XP environment and will have a strong understanding of the Agile system development lifecycle, continuous integration, pair programming and test automation. Exposure to working with outsourcing and offshore partners is highly desirable and you must have worked on the development of ecommerce systems or systems which have complex backoffice integration. Excellent communication skills are also essential. In return this fast growing eCommerce business can offer you a challenging Software Development Manager role in an outstanding, flexible working environment. Based out of modern offices an excellent salary of ****k****k is on offer well as benefits including flexible working hours, healthcare, life assurance, pension, dental and 25 days holiday. Apply NOW  Interviewing immediately The People Network is working as an employment agency on this vacancy.
