Title: Senior Software Developer  ASPNet / C  Solihull
Full Description: Senior Software Developer  ASP.Net / C  Solihull  An opening has arisen to join a software house south of Birmingham city centre in the role of Senior / Lead ASP.Net / C Developer. My client is looking for a technical leader ( ASP.Net / C ) and this is an excellent opportunity for as aspiring Technical Director Part of a large group with a turnover of 100M, my client is an independent software house with an ASP.Net / C product that has continually evolved and now offers desktop, web and mobile based bespoke products. You will join as senior / lead calibre and be actively involved in further growing the ASP.Net / C development team and nurturing new extensions of the product Opportunity not to be missed Skills: You are required to be adequately competent in .Net development  ASP.Net / C with experience of the full life cycle process. Ideally you will have a degree and experience mentoring others. Other useful technical skills would be Java, Android, Mobile, Delphi, SQL Server and experience understanding and identifying the needs and requirements of clients would be useful. You would be adhering to customer requests and helping to build the business further through the introduction of new innovative processes. Responsibilities: As well as developing bespoke applications for a range of clientele you will be improving legacy systems and overseeing a small team. You will be the go to person, motivated by success and striving for career advancement. My client values staff and there is a definite chance to move into leadership and progress into the position of Technical Director. To apply please send your CV today or call me on (Apply online only) for more information. Senitor have just won Best National Online Recruitment Agency as voted by our candidates and presented at the NORA awards Trust us with your most important job search we produce results See more opportunities at: (url removed) Keywords: ASP.Net, C, Java, Android, Software Developer, Senior Developer, Technical Lead Location: South Birmingham, easily commutable from Solihull, Coventry, Nuneaton, Sutton Coldfield Senitor Associates Ltd is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy
