Title: C or Java Software Developer
Full Description: Role: C or Java Software Developer Location: Lincoln Salary: Up to **** based on experience Key Skills: SQL, .Net or Java, Unit testing/UAT, OO/ Object oriented design My client is a dynamic, hightech company that has doubled in size in each of the past two years and is forecast to do so again this year. It provides a complete and fully integrated business management solution designed to support Bluechip companies to SME s in all aspects of their business, allowing them to save time and money and grow their businesses rapidly. As a software developer you will work closely with a team leader within the development department to maintain and enhance the core application and related software and to act as a source of knowledge within the company. Based in a business park with good links to the motorway, with onsite parking and a local shop is close by. Purpose of the role: They are looking for an experience developer to initially develop Fraud Detection, Reconciliation, and revenue Assurance capabilities Key activities Responsible for writing detailed design specifications for software requirements. Translating technical requirements into application code and modules. Undertake iterative developments of the deployable solution Developing and integrating software solutions per written specifications. Unit testing of modules they have developed and support for UAT. Authoring of documentation needed by users and IT support staff. Making modifications to existing software applications as and when required. Develop ad hoc scripts and standalone applications to support billing operations. Essential: Good analytical, problem solving, and communication skills Good knowledge and development experience in Java or .NET Good knowledge and experience of database technologies, mainly SQL Server Object oriented design/development skills A keen interest in selfdevelopment Desirable: Understanding of Telecom billing processes Familiar with Extraction, Transformation and Load (ETL) processes If you think you are suitable for this position can you please reply with an up to date CV Kind regards, Paul Reed Specialist Recruitment Limited is an employment agency and employment business
