Title: Project Manager (Software Development / Financial Services)
Full Description: Project Manager (Software Development / Financial Services) Role: Project Manager Location: Old Trafford, Manchester Salary: ****K  bonus  benefits AJ Bell is one of the largest providers of lowcost, online investment platforms and stockbroker services in the UK. As a fast moving financial services company with significant plans for change, we are now recruiting a high calibre project manager to ensure timely and effective delivery of our project portfolio. As an advocate and ambassador for change, you will be responsible for delivery of high quality, effective projects and programmes that require coordination across the SDLC to meet AJ Bell?s strategic objectives and change agenda. You will support, guide and advise project sponsors through projects, developing business cases, managing project budgets, reporting forecast costs and benefits achieved. You will be responsible for:  Establishing and maintaining appropriate and timely project plans.  Establishing, maintaining and managing effective RAID processes and documentation.  Managing change control effectively.  Managing all internal and external stakeholders, including clients.  Coordinating, developing and managing project resources, ensuring we get the best from project team members.  Chairing project meetings, ensuring decisions and actions are fully recorded. You must have:  Extensive experience of managing and delivering complex IT projects that require coordination across the SDLC (Software Development Lifecycle), gained in a regulated financial services environment.  A background of working with internal IT development teams and 3rd party vendor development.  An entrepreneurial ethos and approach, with the ability to provide a control framework that supports consistent project delivery.  Proven ability to build an effective change culture.  Relevant project management qualification.  Strong verbal and written communication skills, with the ability to build effective relationships.  Solid commercial awareness.  Effective analysis and problem solving skills.  Staff management skills.  Effective time management, planning and organisational skills. You may have experience of the following: Project Manager, Software Development Manager, Agile, Scrum, Software Architect, Prince **** Senior Software Developer, Consultant, Business Analyst, Software Solutions, Prince II, IT Project Manager etc This vacancy is being advertised by Easy Web Recruitment, the UK?s leading Online Recruitment Agency. The services advertised by Easy Web Recruitment are those of an employment agency.
