Title: Software Developer / Flash Developer
Full Description: Software Developer / Flash Developer  London Bridge  ****k****k Key Words  Flash Actionscript, Interactive TV, HTML, PHP, Javascript, SQL, Photoshop, Graphics, Casual Games. Our client is small vibrant organisation wellestablished as a developer of online and interactive TV games. An exciting opportunity has arisen for a Software Developer / Flash Developer to join their team to not only write code but play a full and active role in bringing new casual games to market. The successful candidate will be skilled at writing code for games from scratch, particularly in Flash Actionscript, but also able to modify existing products. Experience with PHP, Javascript, SQL, HTML, is desirable preferably alongside some design, graphics or animation skills, and experience of interactive TV or mobile Flash. Please demonstrate examples of your work and games by including links in your application. The interview will include a practical test. Hunt4Staff is operating as a recruitment advertising partner. As such, every application will be passed directly to our client. As a candidate, you can be confident your application will reach the recruiting decision maker. Your duties as a Software Developer / Flash Developer will include:  Writing code for new and existing games. Bringing your own ideas for casual games to the team.  Reporting to the Creative Director, The ideal Candidate will have the following skills and qualities:  Experience with Flash Actionscript is essential.  Desirable: Standard Web technologies  PHP, Javascript, SQL, HTML, Photoshop.  Possess a graphics and design sensibility, with knowledge of animation.  Experience on Lite platforms e.g. mobile.  A logical, clear thinking and analytical mind. Ability to interpret data.  An appreciation or affinity for casual games, word games and mind puzzles. Salary and Reward Package :  ****k****k depending on skills and experience  Health and pension scheme Key Words  Flash Actionscript, Interactive TV, HTML, PHP, Javascript, SQL, Photoshop, Graphics, Casual Games.
