Title: Net developer  **** , ****
Full Description: Software Developer (C/ASP.Net) My client is a leading provider of strategic, focused in digital communication solutions and one of the fastest growing innovative technologies, professional services and market expertise. To support our ongoing growth we are looking for talented, enthusiastic, software developers with passion for digital technology. We offer ample opportunities to learn new skills and grow within a market leading organization. Candidates with the aptitude to learn and drive to succeed will thrive in this role. We require a Software Analyst/Developer to join an established software development team to develop and support business applications, system integrations and corporate systems. You will require a solid background in development with Microsoft .NET framework. This role will also require elements of requirements elicitation, solution design, testing and technical documentation. A familiarity with Agile delivery techniques would be desirable but not essential Your Role and Responsibilities as the Software Developer will be:  Provide 3rd line support for existing systems  Ensure solutions meet quality standards and best practice.  Engage with IT Project Managers, Business Analysts and key stakeholders to understand, design and deliver technical objectives.  Complete testing and documentation activities as required  Handover solutions to operational functions at completion  To provide estimates for development activities The Essential Skills and Experience required for the Software Developer are:  .NET Developer, ASP.NET Developer, ASP.NET 4.0, MVC **** C, SQL Server, JQuery)  At least 3 years development experience using Microsoft technologies including: C, ASP.NET, SQL Server, Reporting Services  Full development lifecycle experience  Good understanding of database structures, querying and crystal reporting.  Business Analysis, Technical Design Team Management  Working in a large corporate, responsible technical role  Enterpriselevel architecture and change impact assessment.  Experience in working with .net entity frame work The Desirable Skills and Experience required for the Software Developer are:  System integration experience  Agile development  Degree level education  Excellent understanding of JavaScript and HTML  MVC or MVVM  Business Intelligence Experience Personal Specification  Ability to read precise specifications and identify errors when defining scope of work  Ability to carry out analysis of data requirements to support business planning functions  Process oriented  Continuous Learner  Actively acquire the skills knowledge and abilities to meet job requirements and maintain professional competence  Manage workflow and maintain a sense of urgency in accordance with customer needs/workflow  Excellent verbal and written communication skills.  Proven ability to work well in a team and across functional groups. If this sounds like you, please give me a call on **** **** ****
