Title: Software Engineer NET, C, C++  Derby
Full Description: Software Developer, Software Engineer, .NET Developer, C++ Developer, C, C++, Embedded, .NET Applications Developer, Analyst Programmer, C Developer, East Midlands, Derbyshire, Derby, Nottinghamshire, Nottingham, Leicester. Are you an experienced and talented Software Engineer with .NET, C++ and C skills? Would you like to join an established industry leader in a rapidly growing enterprise market? If you are you looking to enhance your skills as well as the skills of more junior team members whilst developing exciting and innovative solutions, and have the following skills then this could be the opportunity you re searching for Strong development experience. Experience of developing data driven applications using .NET framework, including C++, C and web technologies. A proven track record of managing a development team s workload. Experience designing and developing throughout the product lifecycle. Experience of developing for handheld operating systems or embedded systems, ideally Windows Mobile. We are actively recruiting for a motivated Software Developer (.NET, C, C++) to join the team in all aspect of the development process. Responsible for the design and development of a specific technical solution, you will be involved in all aspects of client software development in respect to projects and core products. Required to maintain a high level of expertise with the latest development tools and keep these skills uptodate as new products and technologies emerge, you will collaborate with other senior developers to determine best practice, work as part of a wider project team and offer guidance and mentoring to junior developers. You will be enthusiastic and willing to formulate and tackle new IT initiatives, having longevity in order to see projects through to completion. You should be a team player with the ability to motivate others and ensure their focus is maintained. Salary: TO ****K DOE  Benefits Location: Derby, Derbyshire, East Midlands. Celebrating 25 years of successful recruitment within IT, Technical and Engineering disciplines, our highly experienced team of specialist consultants offer professional and transparent services to match the individual needs of both clients and candidates. We recruit Permanent and Contract Development, Architect, Technical Team Lead, Senior Developer, Principal Software Engineer, Software Developer, Software Engineer, Analyst Programmer, Junior Developer, Junior Software Engineer, C, .NET, ASP.NET, VB.NET, C++, Java, SQL Server jobs across the East Midlands
