Title: Senior Java Developer
Full Description: Senior Java Developer West Yorkshire  Commutable from Bradford, Leeds, Manachester, Barnsley, Sheffield ****  **** per annum My client is looking for a Senior Java developer with Team Lead experience to join their team in West Yorkshire. The role of a Senior Java Developer is to design and implement software code, exploiting leading software development tools. With high quality and delivery standards, the Software Developer must consistently deliver quality code on time and within estimate. You will also be required to manage and lead a software development team and ensure that all deadlines and objectives for your team are met. Requirements Proven experience in leading and managing software development teams Significant experience of Java Software development using the breadth of the JEE toolkit (JSF, JSP, Servlets, Facelets, EJB, JDBC). Experience of JEE application servers such as Glassfish and Weblogic Experience of frameworks such as Spring and Hibernate Experience of test driven development using JUnit or Solenium Experience of working with RDBMS databases, ideally Oracle Experience or an understanding of working on threetier systems is essential Experience of dealing with large volumes of data Previous use of code management tools such as Perforce The Ability to focus on completing tasks productively The Ability to produce innovative solutions to problems Responsibilities To set standards for programming tools and techniques, advise on their application and ensures compliance. To take technical responsibility for all stages in the software development process. To prepare project and quality plans and advises systems development teams. To assign work to programming staff and monitors performance, providing advice, guidance and assistance to less experienced colleagues as required. To prepare project plans, assigning work to programming staff, monitoring performance against plan and proactively taking controlling action when required to meet deadlines and quality targets. To logically and accurately guide the team through the production of software designs, which implement the software architecture. To shepherd all development activity through the development lifecycle paying particular care to ensure that all quality processes, gates and controls are followed. This well established company has a strong vision of what they are looking to achieve and will offer progression and support to the successful candidate. This is an excellent opportunity to add true value to a business within a company that offers a competitive package and excellent long term career prospects. All applications will be kept in complete confidence. “This position is being advertised by an employment business in the case of temporary positions and an employment agency in the case of permanent positions.” For further information please send through and up to date CV and please call Neil on ****
