Title: C++ Software Developer  Financial Services
Full Description: C++ Software Developer  Financial Services  London My client is an award winning global financial data company, with offices across three continents. The company offers a fantastic service in delivering information in a variety of mediums. It has an outstanding business reputation as one of the leading and most influential employers in the world, with worldrenowned employee benefits and a dynamic working environment for professionals. The ideal candidate will have:  Very strong C++ knowledge, including extensive exposure to the full lifecycle development.  Experience of programming with UNIX/Linux and with Commmunications protocols, e.g TCP/IP.  Familiarity with basic concepts of multithreading.  Understanding STL, Design Patterns, ObjectOriented Design.  Effective written and verbal communications with previous team leading experience preferred. Your role will encompass:  Utilising technical and programming skills to build software required to receive and process pricing data.  Developing a realtime, multithreaded, highly distributed and highly scalable system providing information to millions of people worldwide.  Greenfield design and development of a system of the highest possible quality, reliability and performance.  Contributing actively to new initiatives aimed at the continuous improvement of software. The successful applicant will join an innovative team of the highest level C++ developers in London. The environment is challenging yet thoroughly rewarding, with huge opportunities for career progression and handsome remuneration. Candidates with extensive experience in software development SHOULD APPLY. If interested, please send your CV to Tony. Allegis Group Limited and Aston Carter Limited operate Employment Businesses and Agencies and are companies within the Allegis Group Inc. group of companies, the fourth largest staffing company in the world, (collectively referred to as the 'Allegis Group'). TEKsystems and Aerotek are divisions of Allegis Group Limited. Applicant data will be treated in accordance with the Allegis Group's Privacy Notice http://www.allegisgroup.com/Privacy/Default.aspx). By submitting personal data to any company or division within the Allegis Group, the applicant is providing explicit consent to the use of such data by the Allegis Group and to the transfer of such data to and from the Allegis Group companies within the UK, Europe and outside the European Economic Area in connection with the fulfilment of the applicant's voluntary requests, and the fulfilment of other job opportunities that match the applicant's profile, and confirms that they may be contacted about such job opportunities. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/C++SoftwareDeveloperFinancialServices_job****
