Title: Junior Java Developer  Leading Online Brand  Utrecht
Full Description: Junior Java Developer OO Developer  Java/C++  International Software/Digital Brand  Utrecht C++, OO, JAVA, Maven, Eclipse, Spring, Hibernate, Apache Continuum, Applets, web services, JavaScript, OpenGL, JOGL, MySQL, MS_SQL, Visual Studio .Net, Objective C, Xcode, SVN. My cuttingedge client is keen to hire a talented and ambitious Developer with good Java or C++ experience. As a result of expansion and continued growth they are currently hiring several members to their core technology team. This an open and friendly culture, offering a varied and challenging Junior Java OO Developer position. You are part of a small, young and agile team, whose professionalism and enthusiasm are the foundation for the future of the organization. The ideal Junior Developer will get to work in an open, relaxed environment offering flexible starting times and opportunities to work on personal development projects of interest as well as my client's core applications. If you want to join a growing industry leader then APPLY NOW Skills needed:  Software development experience using Object Oriented programming languages (Java/C++/C  Java preferred).  Good knowledge with professional software development processes, such as Agile/Scrum, test driven design, regular design walkthroughs, peer code reviews, UML documentation, explicit test coverage targets for unit testing and integration testing, automated regression testing and deployment, load and stress testing for highly scalable and highperformance systems, etcetera.  Web development or development for mobile platforms (Bonus, but not essential)  Experience in ****D graphics/OpenGL (Bonus, but not essential)  You work in a structured way, documenting progress and results, and you know when to involve others or report (possible)issues.  Ability and eagerness to learn and to deliver on time and with high quality, and to communicate effectively with other software developers and staff. Great time to join a thriving company working on the latest in mobile, software, web and digital interactive technology platforms. My client offers flexible working hours, pension, good holidays and a fully comprehensive salary with opportunities to progress to a more Senior OO Developer roles and beyond. Amoria Bond operates as an employment agency and employment business. No terminology in this advert is intended to discriminate on the grounds of age or experience, and we confirm that we are happy to accept applications from persons of any age or experience for this role.
