Title: Software Developer
Full Description: We are currently recruiting for a software developer you will support the Event Management teams in the creation of highly bespoke delegate registration websites for the events they run. The successful candidate will also be responsible for the maintenance and ongoing development of the core back end delegate registration systems that are used by the event management teams to report on and manage their event programmes. This role requires a confident individual who can directly interface with our customers, and fully engage in the creative process in the run up to an event. It will require the developer to work quickly and efficiently, and be able to multitask many projects, all the while working to extremely challenging lead times. Regular travel to other clients locations will also be required, most frequently London and Taunton. Responsibilities Undertakes the analysis,design, coding and testing of software products/projects as directed by the head of software development. Maintains and supports existing software as directed by the Head of Software Development. Exercises best efforts and efforts and known best practice to ensure that software performs accurately,efficiently and reliably. Employs known patterns and best practice to ensure software is maintainable, reusable and logically structured. Exercises best efforts known best practice to ensure that software is documented and annotated appropriately to enable understanding and support by other software developers. Takes an active interest in technology. Makes recommendations regarding the systems and software, both voluntarily and as requested. Skills Working to KPI's Work will within a team Good customer service Problem Solving Web Design Windows desktop application design Any.Net certification New/emergent Microsoft development technologies Adecco is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SoftwareDeveloper_job****
