Title: Product Software Developer
Full Description: Overview You’ll be based at our South Shields site, but you’ll be required to travel. We have customer sites across the country and you’ll work closely with the production facilities site in Yorkshire, as well as your initial company induction training and upskill within our Bath and Oxford sites. Reporting to our Technical Director, you’ll work closely with the product development team in supporting the ongoing product development of the EDD:E system. You’ll support our software engineers in integrating new products and services to the existing infrastructure. Role Specification As a primary role, a basic understanding of interfacing to embedded devices will be required to support both our installation teams, and our production facility. Experience with development of embedded code running on devices operating under Linux OS, and multiple variants such as Fedora Core, RedHat and Puppy Linux. The candidate will be responsible for maintaining the Project Management systems, including source code control, revision release control and document management. The candidate should be capable of producing production quality work, understand basic electronics, fault finding and debugging methods. Be capable of working independently. Responsibilities, Skills Experience A detailed knowledge and 3 years minimum experience of:  Linux OS (embedded and server environments); Fedora core, Puppy Linux and shell scripting.  Programming in C, C++, Python.  Practical networking and communication protocols (eg TCP/IP)  Webserver management and development Foundation knowledge of the following:  Web programming: Javascript, HTML, ASP.  Charting and GUI design/coding.  Experience working with RF based technologies, especially ZigBee  Embedded systems  Database administration: JSON, XML, and mySQL  GPRS integration using the AT command set  Project Management tools (CVS, RCS), internal documentation  ModBus TCP and ModBus **** Person Specifics Qualifications  Degree in an Engineering/Computer Science disciple with minimum 2 years industry experience or HND in Engineering/Computer Science with minimum 5 years industry experience  Must hold a valid UK Driving License  Flexible  Willing to travel, with the occasional overnight stay  Excellent communication skills Staff Benefits –  Free Car Parking  On Site Canteen  On Site Internet Caf  Car Share Scheme  Corporate Gym Membership Discounts  Cycle to Work Scheme  Business Hours – Monday to Friday, 9am until 5pm (no bank holidays)  23 days holiday To apply, please click below and include your CV and a covering letter This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ProductSoftwareDeveloper_job****
