Title: Software Developer
Full Description: Our client are looking for an experienced, knowledgeable, motivated individual to assist in developing the software that will support the client s service proposition offered to its customers. Develop the core systems that will allow customers to take advantage of the company s services based on a Linux/UNIX based architecture. Contribute ideas to enhance the specification and systems during and post development. Required to work in an environment where the data being input into the developed system is highly confidential and will have experience in developing code that supports strong security. The company s software applications are required to comply with PCI DSS Level 1 therefore experience in this would be beneficial but not necessarily essential. As a result of the PCI DSS compliance obligation the person our client are looking for will have had experience in documenting and recording processes and activity within the guidelines set to them by PCI . Significant experience as a software developer in a commercial environment. Technical Knowledge and Skills Significant experience as a software developer in a commercial environment. Indepth understanding, ability to interpret and code (as required) in OO PHP and XML. Strong Experience with REST web service development. Able to understand business requirements and transform technical specifications. Proficient with HTML/XHTML/HTML5 and CSS. Experience with Javascript such as JQuery Framework, Twitter Bootstrap, etc. Experience with Version Control System such as GIT, SVN etc. Experience with Linux/UNIX distributions such as Ubuntu, Debian, CentOS etc. Considerable experience in developing applications that can process high volumes of information without performance degradation whilst encrypting and securing data. Indepth experience and understanding of systems, as well as systems analysis and design experience of a formal software development lifecycle. Experience with working on AGILE development environment. Due to the high volume of applications we currently receive, we are unable to respond to all candidates. If you do not hear from a Consultant within 5 working days unfortunately you have been unsuccessful on this occasion
