Title: Software Development Manager  Java  Music, Film & TV Industry  Lond
Full Description: Software Development Manager  Java  Music, Film TV Industry  London Location: London, near Euston and King's Cross PLEASE NOTE THIS IS NOT A SOFTWARE DEVELOPMENT ROLE. THE COMPANY: This software house is the world leader in the provision of software systems to the music and entertainment industry. They are looking for a former Java software developer, with some experience of managing software development teams, who now perhaps would like to move away from coding into management. You would join their expanding London office and manage their Java software development team. Company size is just under **** staff and growing and they are the market leaders of their niche. The working environment here is very pleasant with a casual dress code, laid back and friendly atmosphere, but also hardworking and dynamic with the autonomy to drive your job role forward. EXPERIENCE REQUIRED: A minimum of 5 years' previous experience in Java J****EE handson software development, with experience of both front and Back End development Previous experience directly managing software developers Proven experience building, managing and mentoring software development teams. Experience developing or managing the development of software PRODUCTS as opposed to bespoke work Exemplary communications skills, both written and oral Excellent administrative and organizational skills Experience that includes having worked on a software product that has been implemented and then upgraded, having seen it through more than one release Experience of what it takes to maintain and deploy a software product to multiple companies/sites on multiple version/releases Please note: The above experience is essential. You require all of the above to be eligible for this role. THE JOB: This is for someone who now perhaps would like to move away from coding into management. This role is to manage the software development of the company's Java software development team, which is focussed on the music industry and the company's core product lines. The role is more operational than technical: There is lots of work to do, a strong demand for the product from multiple clients and we need you to prepare and prioritise release schedules to tight deadlines. This is a development manager role: You would be managing a growing team, prioritising the work and managing the work for the team. What is important is that you have that technical experience of knowing what developers do and hence being able to allocate the work and understand the work based on a technical background rather than just it's just a job number in a project plan somewhere. This is a multiple clientfacing role: You'd be the Pivot point for work coming in from multiple clients and dealing with the occasional clashes that involves. Everyone always wants their software yesterday and that's not always possible. You'd be the Pivot point through which information flows between external clients, internal client services and then through to the development team, prioritising work within the team. THE OPPORTUNITY: Initially, you would be managing the development of one product, and would then take over other product lines as you progress. The career path here is to take over other product lines as you progress and move up to be the software development manager of a larger area of the company. This is a direct line to senior management, cutting out the bureaucracy, where you can make a real difference and impact on the products and company. Overall, this is a great place to work  it's a privatelyowned company and feels more like a family company, not at all institutionalised  everyone has a stake, everyone has a say. Being music, entertainment and film it's an interesting industry to work in too, with a wide range of clients both local and foreign. Location: London, near Euston and King's Cross Salary: ****  **** plus discretionary bonus and benefits Visa Required: Applicants must be eligible to work in the specified location Job duration: Permanent
