Title: Software Developer in Test
Full Description: Role: Software Developer in Test Location: London Rate: ****  **** per day I am currently working with one of our best clients, who are in the travel industry to find an experienced Software Developer in Test. You will be playing an active handson role in all aspects of testing, quality assurance, including manual hands on testing and automated regression testing. As the successful Software Developer in Test you will be Involved in full testing life cycle within an agile environment, and as such be able to work without supervision an show exemplary skills in QA and Testing, ideally with recent experience in the travel industry. As a Software Engineer in Test (SDET), you will be playing a technical role and will be responsible for the QA function within the Scrum team; which includes executing tests as well as lead/guide the team in testing out the functionality of the solutions that have been developed. As a part of the Scrum team, you will specialize in QA functions as well as be involved in the full development lifecycle of the solution, including detailed design, code development, code reviews, unit testing, build/test support and final deployment activities and post deployment support. Responsibilities: o Develop test plans o Define, develop and maintain a repository of test plans, cases and scripts. o Develop and review test data requirements. o Develop automated and manual testing procedures. o Execute test scripts. o Develop and manage to testing schedules in cooperation with the project manager o Contribute to continuing process improvement of quality assurance standards and procedures Work Experience and Education Guidelines: o Bachelor's degree in computer science or equivalent experience o SQL and DB**** : proven experience: writing intermediate level (complex query exp ) o Proven experience with system integration and testing efforts. o Proven experience in creation, validation and coordination of system and user acceptance testing. Proven experience: o Must have senior level of testing knowledge on DB**** or like MPP database environments o Must have strong traditional ETL knowledge leveraging Informatica or like ETL tools o Must have experience in an Agile/Scrum delivery team environment o Whitebox and blackbox testing o Functional Test case and Test Plan Development o Significant experience with system integration and testing efforts. o Significant experience in creation, validation and coordination of system and user acceptance testing. If you are interested in this role, please submit your up to date CV to Tom Wish from Premier IT Premier is acting as a recruitment agency with regards to this role. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/SoftwareDeveloperinTest_job****
