Title: C++ Senior Software Developer
Full Description: My client is one of of the world's largest providers of real time market data and has one of the most used API's in the world. This award winning company is mainly used for market data, news feeds, trading and messaging and is currently looking for a new Senior Software Developer to join their team of brilliant developers. The successful candidate will be an experienced senior developer who will be able to handle the fast paced environment of the London team. They will have advanced knowledge of C/ C++ along with experience in multi threading, full development cycle and UNIX/LINUX are also required. The candidate will be involved in trading systems and have a knack for problem solving with experience in finance desired but not necessary. The successful candidate must have a enthusiasm for this solving of problems in largescale distributed systems through development of a proprietary nonrelational database that processes, stores and forwards over sixteen billion messages per day. This is a fantastic opportunity for the appropriate candidate who wants to work for one of the most trusted companies for information on businesses and professionals worldwide. Allegis Group Limited and Aston Carter Limited operate Employment Businesses and Agencies and are companies within the Allegis Group Inc. group of companies, the fourth largest staffing company in the world, (collectively referred to as the 'Allegis Group'). TEKsystems and Aerotek are divisions of Allegis Group Limited. Applicant data will be treated in accordance with the Allegis Group's Privacy Notice http://www.allegisgroup.com/Privacy/Default.aspx). By submitting personal data to any company or division within the Allegis Group, the applicant is providing explicit consent to the use of such data by the Allegis Group and to the transfer of such data to and from the Allegis Group companies within the UK, Europe and outside the European Economic Area in connection with the fulfilment of the applicant's voluntary requests, and the fulfilment of other job opportunities that match the applicant's profile, and confirms that they may be contacted about such job opportunities. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/C++SeniorSoftwareDeveloper_job****
