Title: Software Innovation Developer / Creative Genius
Full Description: A genius is someone who has exceptional intellectual ability, creativity, or originality, typically to a degree that is associated with the achievement of unprecedented insight. There is no scientifically precise definition of genius, and the question of whether the notion itself has any real meaning has long been a subject of debate, but we believe they do exist and we want to hire one for our team Creative Genius / Innovation Software Developer This role is an exciting opportunity to work on cutting edge technology and shape the future of internet retailing. You will be responsible for creating ideas, researching and implementing new technologies, prototyping solutions, and demonstrating the benefits to senior stakeholders. There are boundless opportunities to be seized. This role is a unique chance to work with an innovative and forward thinking company with the resources to really make things happen. You will need to have a passion for technology, and love of challenges The position is based at our Head Office in Welwyn Garden City. Free parking is available, we are connected to London Kings Cross with a fast service (c. ****mins) and our offices include a gym, canteen, petrol pumps and dry cleaning services. Key Relationships:  Innovation Development Manager (line Manager).  Innovation development teams  UK and India.  Innovation Product Owner.  External design agencies.  External solution/technology providers.  Marketing, Finance, Operations and other business stakeholders. Role Accountabilities: Your will work in four key areas: research, implementation, culture and strategy. These are detailed below: Research: Researching cutting edge technologies is how we add value to our newest business challenges. You will: Keep abreast of latest technological developments Demonstrate how new technologies could provide opportunities to better serve staff and customers Share knowledge with the team and wider organisation Implementation: Development is fundamental to demonstrating the value of innovative new solutions. You will: Work individually and collaboratively as part of a development team to implement technology trials Undertake small scale proof of concept projects involving software and/or hardware development Share knowledge so that a research trial can be scaled to a production solution Culture: Our aim is to foster a true culture of open innovation in Tesco Dotcom. You will: Be an ambassador of innovation in Tesco Dotcom Share knowledge and skills to empower others to innovate themselves Engage with different areas of the organisation on a regular basis Strategy: The team is responsible for shaping and enabling the overall business strategy at Tesco Dotcom. You will: Engage in projects designed to bring specific business strategies, such as Bricks and Clicks, to life. Consider technological trends and identify risks and opportunities with respect to our business strategy. Contribute to the short, medium and long term business strategies. Candidate Profile Some software development experience (ideally at least two of the following: C, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, SQL and Objective C). Strong initiative, with ability to research new technologies and demonstrate and how they can benefit our business. Passion for technology, thinking differently and trying new things. Good communication skills and ability to speak to stakeholders at all levels of the business. Ability to work in a fast paced dynamic and rapidly changing environment. Adaptable, with the ability to learn quickly. Positive and robust mental attitude with the ability to handle setbacks. Good degree (****:**** or above) in a related discipline. If this sounds like you please apply through Modis, our agency of choice 
