Title: Web Developer / eCommerce Developer  Leicestershire
Full Description: Web Developer, Analyst Programmer, Software Developer, eCommerce Developer, C, ASP.NET, SQL Server, HTML, XML/XSLT/XHTML, CSS, JavaScript, Ajax, SEO, JQuery, ASP, Leicestershire, East Midlands. Want to join one of the UK s biggest online businesses with millions of visitors each month? A new vacancy has arisen within the eCommerce development team for an Analyst Programmer to work on flagship UK and International websites. Your role will involve the development and maintenance of transactional websites and continuous improvement to website presentation and content. As the successful applicant you will have a passion for technology and the ability to perform in a highly dynamic and fast changing environment. In return we offer a competitive salary and the opportunity to work on market leading initiatives. Essential Criteria: Minimum of 18 months experience in a professional development role. Experience in C .NET development, ASP.NET and SQL. Demonstrable skills in ASP/ASP.NET and MS SQLServer are required. Competent with XML/XSLT/XHTML. Experience in CSS/JavaScript/Ajax/SEO. Proven ability to interpret technical documentation, architectures and functional specifications. Excellent knowledge of the Microsoft development platform including Visual Studio, Team Suite and NUnit testing. Experience of requirements capture and documentation. Excellent knowledge of testing methodologies, usability, coding, accessibility and web standards. Integrate quickly and work well within a team environment. Strong communicator and good team player. A proven ability to plan and prioritise work in a dynamic environment. Desirable Criteria: Experience of JQuery. Experience in ASP and Visual Basic would be useful but not essential. Design skills including Photoshop, HTML and CSS would be advantageous. Knowledge of software development methodologies such as Agile, Scrum, XP/Extreme programming, UML would be a distinct advantage. Salary: circa ****K  Bonus  excellent working environment, great benefits & the opportunity to work with leading edge products. Location: Leicestershire, East Midlands. Celebrating 25 years of successful recruitment within IT, Technical and Engineering disciplines, our highly experienced team of specialist consultants offer professional and transparent services to match the individual needs of both clients and candidates
