Title: Development Manager  SharePoint Consultancy
Full Description: My Client are a Sharepoint consultancy based close to Chester, they are currently looking for a Development manager to lead a team of developers on various SharePoint projects. It is not imperative that you have management experience, the most important prerequisite for this role is a senior level exposure to SharePoint. If this is you please find more details below;Development Manager Responsible for designing and implementing a wide range of SharePoint solutions within time and budgetary constraints; creating technical solutions to complex business and technical requirements, and managing the delivery of projects from initial analysis to release in conjunction with their team. Delegates tasks to, organises, mentors and motivates a team of software developers, ensuring that the team achieve their (personal and company) goals in the most cost efficient and effective manner. Three main areas of responsibility:  Software Development and ArchitectureCreate technical solutions to complex business and technical requirements, and manage the delivery of projects from initial analysis to release. o Work together with team members and other development managers to plan and execute projects.o Implement more complex SharePoint solutions using a range of approaches, within technical constraints agreed with our clients.o Delegate tasks to other team members, and ensure that they are making progress against those tasks to a suitable level of quality and within the agreed timescales. Validate their approach in the early stages of development and review and critically evaluate their solutions. Ensure that solutions meet the technical requirements of the project and our clients' quality criteria.o Provide estimates to consultants during the presales phase to help price new projects.o Write functional and technical specifications, release notes and other documentation as required.  Technical LeadershipHelp direct reports complete their assigned tasks in the most cost efficient and effective manner. o Help team members choose the correct technical solution for a problem and resolve issues that may be blocking them from completing their assigned tasks.o Help development environment managers create and maintain development environments.o Run training sessions, or help direct reports to design and deliver a training session, on key development topics.o Research and recommend new approaches to solving problems and new systems for improving efficiency amongst developers across the organisation.o Identify other areas for improvements and help to drive positive change in these areas.  Line ManagementManage direct reports, apply HR policies and manage performance. o Resourcing and Recruitment Managing the resource plan, and working with PMs and Consultants to ensure that the business has a clear idea of resource availability. Long term resource planning in conjunction with the CTO. Conducting initial technical interviews with prospective team members, evaluating their suitability for the job against defined job specifications within our working environment and culture. o Foster a fun and productive working environment Foster a culture of continuous improvement in all areas of technology and instill the principles of this culture in the team Organise quarterly team events Generally ensure that there are no problems with the working environment o Performance Management Conduct quarterly performance reviews in conjunction with the CTO Assist employees to meet their objectives, including meeting with employees monthly to review progress against their quarterly objectives, and organising training where appropriate (in conjunction with the holiday calendar etc) Identify any performance problems (personal or environmental) and implement workarounds or escalate to the CTO o Apply HR processes  Manage leave requests and conduct backtowork interviews
