Title: Software Developer, Engineer, C Net, SQL, aspNet, CA Plex, Bristol
Full Description: Software Developer, Engineer, C .Net, SQL, asp.Net, CA Plex, Bristol About the software developer role: Due to expansion, my client are currently recruiting experienced Software Developers to join their existing team of Developers in their Bristol Offices. Successful Software Developers will have indepth commercial experience working as a Software Developer using C for a minimum of two years. My client is the UK s leading IT supplier in Primary Care  Over **** per cent of GP practices in England and **** per cent of GP practices across the UK use their software. This equates to more than 39 million patient records entrusted with my client. Software Developers will immediately be involved in analysing and implementing operational enhancements to help familiarise themselves with the suite of web modules. After the settling in period, and depending upon your own progression, you will be involved in code reviews, detailed project work and ultimately advancing on to the implementation of major product enhancements and new modules. They encourage all their developers to contribute towards the requirements and design stage and you will be given the opportunity to mentor other developers depending on your own aspirations. Key skills / experience for the software developer role:  A minimum of two year s development experience and exposure to the .NET Framework, C, SQL within a commercial environment.  Exposure to Agile development methodologies.  Object oriented development skills  Good problem solving and debugging skills.  Use of initiative and ability to work under time pressures to meet deadlines.  Application of high standards to all programming work and documentation.  Excellent communication and interpersonal skills Desirable skills (nonessential) for the Software Developer role:  Educated to degree level, preferably in a computing discipline.  Experience of using CA Plex would be beneficial My client is a Microsoft Gold Partner therefore the Software Developers will be working with the very latest technologies to ensure our software continues to be market leading. Software Developers will have the opportunity to build upon existing skills and developer specialist domain knowledge on the job. To apply email RossWparkerwhiteconsulting.com or call **** **** ****
