Title: Software Developer
Full Description: Software Developer Abingdon  Oxfordshire Salary Circa **** to **** Depending on experience  Pension  25 days holiday rising to 27 days after 3 years The Software Developer's role will be to write, code, test, and analyse software programs. This includes configuring, testing and documenting inhouse developed software application. The successful applicant will apply proven communication skills, problemsolving skills, and knowledge of best practices to ensure the successful development and delivery of quality software applications to the business. Responsibilities: Consistently write, translate, and code software programs and applications according to specifications. Analyse and amend software errors in a timely and accurate fashion, and provide status reports where required. Recommend, schedule, and perform software improvements and upgrades. Research and document requirements of program user. Write programming scripts to enhance functionality and/or appearance of inhouse developed software applications. Run and monitor software performance tests on new and existing programs for the purposes of correcting errors, isolating areas for improvement, and general debugging. Administer critical analysis of test results and deliver solutions to problem areas. Assist in the development and maintenance of user manuals and guidelines. Install software products for end users as required. Assist the Software Development Team Leader, Business Analyst, and designers in conceptualizing and development of new software programs and applications. Assist in the preparation and documentation of program requirements and specifications. Assist the operational team in the migration and deployment of new applications, systems software, and/or enhancements to existing applications throughout the business. Collaborate with analysts, designers, and system users in the testing of new software programs and applications. Conduct research on emerging application development software products, languages, and standards in support of development efforts. Interact regularly with managers, clients, vendors, and agencies to field queries and questions. We are looking for someone with the following skills and experience; University degree in computer systems design or computer science and extensive post graduate work experience in a senior developer role. Extensive experience of software development and systems design. Technically fluent in programming languages, including VB6, C, WPF, WCF and .NET framework. Good understanding of Object Oriented programming techniques. Good understanding of Agile development methodology. Knowledge of TSQL and MS SQL Server 2008 Knowledge of database design and file management techniques Experience of MS Team Foundation Server. Strong knowledge of system and software quality assurance best practices and methodologies. Extensive experience with core software applications, including Excel, Word and Project. Working knowledge of network and PC operating systems, including Windows XP/7. Knowledge of network hardware, protocols, and standards. Strong customerservice orientation. Keen attention to detail. You must be able to prioritise, plan and organise work efficiently and manage multiple conflicting priorities. Ideally we are looking for an individual with a strong customerservice orientation, excellent written and oral communication skills, ability to communicate ideas in both technical and userfriendly language with a keen attention to detail.
