Title: Software Development Team Leader  Oxford
Full Description: Software Development Team Leader  Oxford  ****K  ****K / pa Key Skills  C, WPF, WCF and .NET framework, TSQL, VB6 and MS SQL Server 2008 THE ROLE: The Software Developer role will consistently write, translate, and code software programs and applications according to specifications. Analyse and amend software errors in a timely and accurate fashion, and provide status reports where required. Recommend, schedule, and perform software improvements and upgrades. You will research and document requirements of program user. Enhance functionality and/or appearance of inhouse developed software applications. Run and monitor software performance tests on new and existing programs for the purposes of correcting errors, isolating areas for improvement, and general debugging. Administer critical analysis of test results and deliver solutions to problem areas. REQUIRED: University degree in computer systems design or computer science and extensive post graduate work experience in a developer role. Extensive experience of software development and systems design. Technically fluent in programming languages, including, C, WPF, WCF and .NET framework. Good understanding of Object Oriented programming techniques. Good understanding of Agile development methodology. Knowledge of TSQL, VB6 and MS SQL Server 2008 Knowledge of database design and file management techniques Experience of MS Team Foundation Server. Strong knowledge of system and software quality assurance best practices and methodologies. Extensive experience with core software applications, including Excel, Word and Project. Working knowledge of network and PC operating systems, including Windows XP/**** You will assist in the development and maintenance of user manuals and guidelines. Install software products for end users as required. Assist the Software Development Team Leader, Business Analyst, and designers in conceptualizing and development of new software programs and applications. Assist in the preparation and documentation of program requirements and specifications. Assist the operational team in the migration and deployment of new applications, systems software, and/or enhancements to existing applications throughout the business. Collaborate with analysts, designers, and system users in the testing of new software programs and applications. Conduct research on emerging application development software products, languages, and standards in support of development efforts. Interact regularly with managers, clients, vendors, and agencies to field queries and questions. Additional Resources are an Employment Business and an Employment Agency as defined within The Conduct of Employment Agencies Employment Businesses Regulations ****ey Skills  C, WPF, WCF and .NET framework, TSQL, VB6 and MS SQL Server 2008 This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SoftwareDevelopmentTeamLeaderOxford_job****
