Title: Software Team Leader  C/C++ Linux Java  London W****
Full Description: Software Team Leader C/C++ Linux Java  London W**** Software Team Leader, Senior Software Engineer, C/C++, Linux, Java, Embedded C, Agile, SCRUM, Extreme programming, DSDM, OOA/D, UML, Real Time Software Design. This leading Enterprise Software organisation in the application of Supply Chain, Logistics, Retail and eCommerce are looking for a Software Team Leader/Senior Software Engineer with at least 5 years Software Development experience. You will be a Senior Software Developer/Software Engineer with Team Leading experience and experience in delivering enterprise level solutions to customers. As a Software Team Leader you will ideally have C/Linux/Java Development skills or similar, recent team leadership experience or the right personality or aptitude for this, experience with Ecommerce/retail inventory management or order fulfilment systems, experience of Agile (Scrum) techniques including: testdriven development, pair programming, daily standups, automated testing, collective code ownership etc. As a Team Leader you will ensure the timely delivery of work allocated to a team of Software Engineers, applying agreed methods and tools to the engineering process in order to attain the expected quality standards. The Software Team Leader takes responsibility for all aspects of the output of the team, whether this is software, design material, or technical consulting services. You will work with team members to define detailed designs for engineering work, ensuring that existing software, patterns, tools and methods are reused wherever possible. You will maintain a long term plan for the team, optimise the use of resources within the team in order to meet project milestones and customer deadlines. The Software Team Leader will have a commitment to delivering quality solutions, with the desire to develop the same values in the team, willing to lead by example, with the drive and determination necessary to meet team objectives, and to expect the same of others. You will be comfortable working with multiple projects/customers simultaneously, comfortable working directly with customers. You will need to be self motivated, driven, with a strong personality and excellent interpersonal skills, good problemsolving abilities, good communication skills, teamwork and a disciplined approach to Development. You will also need excellent analytical abilities and a strong sense of product ownership. This Application Software organisation combines Process knowhow with technical knowledge to engineer solutions for customers' operational needs. You will be required to understand a customer's business requirements, translate these into software and finally commission the complete system. Career progression can be rapid, based on talent and commitment. Excellent Career opportunities, an attractive remuneration package including a profit sharing scheme.
