Title: Senior Software Developer
Full Description: Company: 2degrees is an exciting, Oxford based, **** person startup, backed by worldclass investors. The team is on a mission to accelerate the adoption of sustainable (green) business practices by businesses globally. We have an impressive list of clients including Tesco, GSK, Kingfisher Group and Asda Walmart. The Role: We are looking for an experienced Senior Developer to play a crucial role in our development team where you will participate in the active maintenance of the web application running 2degreesnetwork.com, which is mainly powered by Python, Django, HTML5, CSS3 and JavaScript. You will spend your days: ? Since our team has successfully embedded Agile you will spend your days using techniques such as Pair Programming, TestDriven Development, Merciless Refactoring, Continuous Integration and Daily Scrums. ? Playing a central role in the architecture, low level design & implementation of further iterations of the software product, of which some work will be open sourced. ? Mentoring less experienced team members in core software knowledge areas, often in the course of construction activities like software architecture and Pair Programming ? Working with the business stakeholders to help create a better understanding of requirements ? Working with other technical stakeholders such as UX/UI experts to define the product in more detail. ? Playing an active part in improving the working practices of the development team Requirements: ? Solid understanding of Software Engineering theory and best practices, balanced with a practical, outcomefocused approach. ? Passionate about creating wellcrafted software, and a focus on creating a product that is useful to users and valuable to the business. ? Knowledgeable about low and highlevel software design techniques and patterns. ? 5 years commercial development experience using a highlevel programming language (e.g. Ruby, Java, Python) ideally complimented by a software engineering degree ? We are looking for candidates who can demonstrate their ability to use a wide range of technologies, preferably including some of the ones we use: Python, Django, JavaScript, jQuery, Buildout, Celery, Nose, Sphinx, HTML5, CSS **** Bash, SQL, PostgreSQL, MongoDB, Apache Solr, Apache Ant, Apache HTTP Server, Nginx, Debian and more ? The role is primarily a backend role, but since we are an agile team working towards becoming generalizing specialists, it's essential to have prior experience in or at least desire to contribute to manual testing, participate in design workshops and contribute to the frontend when needed, amongst other activities. ? Creative problem solver, able to avoid groupthink ? Ability to troubleshoot in a systematic manner ? Proactive about continuous improvement Why you'll enjoy working at 2degrees: ? Your work will help to improve the environmental performance of thousands of companies worldwide ? You'll be working with a disciplined and talented software development team ? The opportunity to work on a large and relatively complex application ? We use Agile methods. Scrum is now fully integrated in the way we work and we have fully adopted **** of the **** eXtreme Programming practices (System Metaphor being the one needing more attention) ? Because we believe in continuous improvement, we are upfront with each other on how we can do a better job. ? A nice office in a great location in Oxford, full of people who are free to be themselves. ? Managers and business people who come from a technical background and appreciate technical staff. ? Support in your continuing professional development. ? No suits No Agencies please All applicants must be eligible to live and work in the UK Visa Required: Applicants must be eligible to work in the specified location
