Title: C Senior Web Developer
Full Description: C/.Net  WEB Senior Developer  Warwick  Up to ****k  Benefits & Bonus C/ .Net / HTML / CSS / JavaScript /JS DOM / jQuery Our fantastic client based in the heart of Warwickshire is once again on the lookout for a highly skilled .Net developer to compliment their new but highly experienced development team. Working exclusively with Copenhagen based Configit  Configit is looking for a talented, passionate software developer to join their new R&D team in Warwick. You will be part of a highly experienced SCRUM team for developing new software products that are based on advanced mathematics and at the same time extremely easy to use. The position offers you the possibility of working with the newest technologies and advancing your career while creating second to none software products for our global enterprise customers. Responsibilities include one or more of:  Developing cutting edge applications for the web using ASP.NET MVC and WebAPI and modern JavaScript libraries like Google AngularJS  Designing and implementing mobile applications on the Windows platform  Implementing advanced algorithms for solving configuration problems  Developing architecturally extensible and maintainable software  Designing intuitive user interfaces  Developing unique configure, price and quote software for SAP  the world's largest enterprise software platform Skills & Requirements  B.Sc. or Masters in Computer Science, Mathematics, Software Engineering, or similar  Excellent .NET and C skills  Experience with one or more of the modern web technologies ASP.NET MVC and WebAPI, JavaScript, JSON and REST  Experience with modern JavaScript libraries like Google AngularJS and with unit testing of JavaScript code is a plus, but not a requirement  Desire to stay current with technology and a willingness to learn  Passion for programming About Configit Inc. Working at Configit Your typical Configit colleague has a natural interest in programming and started programming before entering university. He or she is passionate about code quality and has developed applications for fun or has contributed to open source projects. You will be part of an international environment in an easygoing, nonbureaucratic organization with offices in Denmark, Great Britain, and the US. We value individual responsibility in a collaborative atmosphere, and we focus intensively on writing quality software using stateoftheart technologies, methodologies, and tooling. Our corporate values are summarized in everyone at Configit is among the best but eager to improve. Benefits of working at Configit:  Be a core member of one of our high performing SCRUM teams  Make an impact with pair programming, testdriven development and code review  Always use the newest software development tools such as GitHub, ReSharper, OnTime, TeamCity, and others  Continuous opportunities for training and professional development  A working environment with a Scandinavian touch with free lunch, fruit, coffee & tea, river bank jogging, flex hours and enthusiastic support for employee study initiatives About Configit Configit's roots lie in academia and technology. The company was founded by a team of professors and Ph.D. students. The company's patented technology is based on research in formal verification of hardware and software and constraint solving. Configit has **** clients worldwide, including Jaguar, ABB, and LEGO. We are experts, not only in software development, but also in successfully using configuration and product modeling in a company's production andsales cycles. For more information apply now and get in touchHays Specialist Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T&C's, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found at 
