Title: Senior Software Developer
Full Description: Senior Software Developer  Linux Envrionment You’re a geek and you’re only interested in the work – doing varied and interesting stuff, working with Linux and other open source and cool technologies, solving difficult problems, working with clever, knowledgeable people like you, aiming for best practices with agile development methodologies, paired programming, testdriven programming, learning from people with worldclass expertise. If you are looking for a developer role which combines real job satisfaction with serious career advancement, ApplianSys could be the place for you. ApplianSys is a UKbased entrepreneurial company which designs and markets server appliances to carry out specific tasks in networks.It takes existing application software – either open source or from commercial partners – and embeds it in its appliance “platform”.Its expanding portfolio currently includes DNS/DHCP/IPAM (“DDI”), web cache and VoIP acceleration appliances. The role This position is for senior developers to work in all phases of the development cycle.You will work in teams with other senior and junior developers to produce software to drive new ApplianSys products or upgrades. What we’re looking for Excellent technical skills and a good team player.We are looking for people who are real experts in some aspect of our technology or engineering, and will make a strong intellectual contribution to the team in that domain. Essential Fluency working and programming with Linux , working with a range of network protocols.Similar experience with other UNIX may be considered. Strong Python skills, with code available for evaluation. Solid skills working with Web applications frameworks Fluency with HTML, Javascript, CSS Solid knowhow integrating with a range of database systems Able to work effectively in a team based development environment Significant Advantages Expertise in areas such as HTTP, DNS, DHC P Experience working with the code of networking services such as Squid, BIND, dhcpd, samba, apache etc. In particular, deep knowledge of Squid and/or caching in general would count heavily Having set up and maintained network services on Linux servers for other users Knowledge ofC programming on Linux, especially in networking area s Knowledge of Linux internals  whether tuning the kernel for better performance, writing device drivers, or hacking on the kernel A good degree (at least ****:****) in computer science or similar To apply for this role, please submit your CV with a covering letter explaining why you would be suitable for this role. Please note, any CV 's submitted without a covering letter will not be considered. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SeniorSoftwareDeveloper_job****
