Title: SQL Database Developer with DBA skills  Milton Keynes  NEW JOB
Full Description: SQL Software Developer with DBA skills, MS SQL Database Developer, SQL Server Developer, SQL Server Software Developer, TSQL Stored procedures, Database design, SQL Server 2005/2008 R2 Excellent salary benefits: ****K****K  Bonus  money for training and development  Life assurance  pension  Gym membership  much more Benefits. Exclusive to Go IT Recruitment Ltd  role is urgent and interview slots available. Seeking a SQL Database Developer with DBA skills working for a Leading Marketing Services Agency Company based in Milton Keynes, Buckinghamshire. Commutable from Bedford, Bedfordshire, Towcester, Northampton, Northamptonshire, Luton, Biggleswade, Dunstable, Oxfordshire, Cambridgeshire, Peterborough, Rugby, Watford, Hertfordshire. Job Profile: The design and construction of SQL Server 2008 R2 Database applications and stored procedures using TSQL in a .Microsoft NET enterprise environment. Must be able to work on multiple development efforts and have experience working with web based solutions. Provide technical expertise and guidance to peers and nontechnical people as an SME. Essential Skills: Strong SQL Server 2005/2008 R2 development skills with DBA skills Strong programming experience preferably within an agency, software house industry; and specifically with TSQL development experience Advanced level TSQL programmer and creating stored procedures Microsoft accredited and advantage but not essential Proven ability to solve complex programming problems using multiple tools Resourceful at problem solving and debugging Good analytical ability to interpret business needs and translate into a technical solution Must be able to demonstrate a solid understanding and proficiency in the range of tools and have the ability to maximise their use Must be able to demonstrate an solid understanding of the design of enterprise database/web applications Must have solid experience in SQL tuning techniques Good understanding of the business segment concepts such as participants, awards, tactical, programs, etc. Communicate well with all levels across the organisation. Ability to communicate with delivery team members or internal or external clients Ability to provide accurate time estimates on project components Being proactive at learning new technologies or new features of current technology High level of understanding: Web based applications that interface with transactional databases Web services Multi tire Client Server development Advanced level of experience in the following: Relational database design Developing TSQL stored procedures Developing scalable enterprise level solutions Unit testing techniques Problem solving skills Applicants must be eligible to live and work in the UK. ONLY successful candidates will be contacted. Keywords: MS SQL Software Developer, SQL Database Developer, SQL Server Developer, SQL Server Software Developer, TSQL Stored procedures, Database design, SQL Server 2005 PLEASE NOTE: successful candidate will be CRB checked as the role is working with high profile clients. EQUAL OPPORTUNITIES Go IT Recruitment is committed to equal opportunities and actively seeks applications from all sectors of the community irrespective of sex, race, colour, nationality, ethnic or national origin, disability, marital status, sexual orientation, having responsibility for dependents, age, religion/beliefs, or any other reason which cannot be shown to be justified. Go IT Recruitment acts as an employment agency/business.
