Title: Net Software Developer  ASPNet, C, VBNet  Cheshire
Full Description: .Net Software Developers  ASP.Net / C / VB.Net Cheshire Salary: c****k  Benefits Package The Role: An exciting opportunity has arisen for an experienced Software Developer in the .Net Framework to join our client, who is a leading UK software / solutions provider and genuine market leader. You will play a key role developing Web and Desktop applications and solutions using the .Net Framework with ASP.Net, VB.Net and C. Key Skills: The ideal candidates will have proven commercial and technical development backgrounds in the .Net Framework, with full project lifecycle experience. You will have strong development skills across ASP.Net with VB.Net and/or C, with SQL Server backend database skills with TSQL and Stored Procedures. You will also ideally have good Web Services experience along with AJAX, JavaScript and ideally web frontend skills including HTML, XML and CSS. You will also have a good Object Oriented / OO background and skill set. Your technical skills will be accompanied by excellent communication and documentation skills at all levels of business. The Company: This is a first class opportunity to join a genuine market leader with a great working environment, where you will be rewarded with genuine opportunities for ongoing progression, training and development, coupled with a very competitive salary and benefits package. Cheshire  Knutsford  Macclesfield  Wilmslow  Stockport. LA International Computer Consultants Ltd is an HMG Approved Consultancy and operates as an IT Engineering Consultancy or as an Employment Business Agency, depending upon the precise nature of the work, for security cleared jobs or non clearance vacancies, we welcome applications from all sections of the community and from people with diverse experience and backgrounds. Award Winning LA International Computer Consultants Ltd (Recruiter Awards for Excellence  Best IT, Best Public Sector Gold Awards) This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/NetSoftwareDeveloperASPNetC%****VBNetCheshire_job****
