Title: Mobile Developer | Android
Full Description: An excellent opportunity has become available for an innovative technology organisation based in Yorkshire . Due to the extensive success and growth of this organisation they are now looking for an ambitious and creative Android Mobile Developer to join their Software Developer team. Mobile Developer Role You will be involved in the development of Android apps. The main function of the app is to collect data. The app achieves this by receiving and processing data from the sensors built into an Android device (GPS, Accelerometer etc). This data can then be used by clients within the automotive and financial industry sectors to calculate premiums, reduce costs and educate customers. The app also provides the user with useful functionality such as a speedometer, journey map, news and reminders. You will be working in a high calibre Software Development team using cutting edge technologies. Mobile Developer Essential Skills  Android Application Development Version Control Mobile Developer Desirable Skills  Mobile Bluetooth  Mobile Hardware  GUI Mobile Developer Application Process This is a fantastic opportunity to join an organisation on the rise. With big plans for the future, this is an exciting time to join this organisation. If you feel you are looking for a new challenge within a fast paced environment then do not hesitate to forward your CV to lee.feeneynorthernemployment.co.uk for immediate consideration. Northern Employment Services are acting as an agency in regards to this advertisement. Due to the high volume of applications we receive, we are sorry that it is not possible to respond to each applicant. Only those applicants who are considered suitable for the position will be contacted. If you have not heard from us within 14 days please assume that your application has been unsuccessful.We wish you well with your job search. Mobile Developer | Android, Java, Version Control This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/MobileDeveloperAndroid_job****
