Title: C Net Developer (Global Application Development), Surrey
Full Description: C .Net Developer (Global Application Software Development, Surrey) Job Description Its hard to differentiate between companies when looking to make a career move. Would a company that is changing the way people and organisations think about how we work be that something that makes the difference? We would like you to think about what working for us as a C .Net Software Developer could mean for the advancement of your career. As a C .Net Developer, you would be working with Microsoft software development teams on bespoke global applications that effect how we as a company individually operate in 95 countries. You will learn how we work with and can help entrepreneurial startups as well as major global corporations and also learn how you can have a real influence on that. The main remit of this position is:  Enterprise application development on a global inventory management, reservation and billing applications and ecommerce web sites;  To build and maintain all interfaces and tiers of the application set, end to end, within the existing Microsoft development team;  Provide technical leadership in design and code quality. Duties and Responsibilities:  Handson development of .NET applications, software applications and web solutions;  Contributing to the planning, architecture and specification of technical websites and web applications;  Communicating with the project manager, project team and the business over progress, issues and timescales;  Delivery of technical work to very high standards within agreed timescales. Desired Skills Experience:  Minimum of 5 years commercial .Net development experience;  Solid experience of ASP.NET and C;  Strong SQL Server knowledge (SQL Server 2000, **** ****) and practical experience with TSQL;  Practical experience of working with MVC;  Have a solid understanding of the importance of software development processes and project life cycles within an Agile or Waterfall environment;  Adaptable, committed to deadlines and willingness to work in a fastpaced environment;  Ability to be both a strong team player and individual contributor;  Excellent verbal and written communication skills;  Must be fluent in English, written and spoken. Company Description: As the unrivalled global market leader in our industry, with extensive global growth plans being put into practice right now, we are looking to expand our UK based IT Business Systems division with career focused, IT staff within Software Development. Working on enterprise scale business systems, there are a number of new global application projects kicking off, so now is the perfect time to make that career move you have been considering. If you would like more information including a full job specification and a chat about the position, please contact me, Nick Maddox. Looking to relocate? We are not alone in thinking that Surrey is one of the best parts of the country to live in. We have a great mix of city and country living, excellent schools and transport connections (M3, M25, Heathrow Airport). Dont just take our word for it: URL removed This position is only open to UK/EU residents who have full rights to live and work in the UK. Think IT Recruitment is acting as an employment agency for this role under UK Government regulations CEAEBR ****
