Title: Lead python developer
Full Description: Lead Python Developer, London Our client is one of the new up and coming companies to work for and is one of the market leaders in sports betting. They are looking for a skilled software developer with a passion for sports and programming. You will be working in a fun dynamic environment with limitless opportunities to progress within the company. The location could not be more perfect, as central London is easily commutable from any surrounding area. Your role at this company will entail the following: lead and manage a team gather sports data from a number of different sources and ensure it is managed properly to work with other members of your team and ensure all data is presented clearly and efficiently This exciting new company provides a number of benefits, however the most attractive element of working for this company is their flexible working hours. Ideal for candidates with families or let s face it, ideal for anyone. If you have a love of sports then this most definitely is the dream job for you. Do not miss the chance to come and be a part of this exciting team, as you most definitely will be missing out. Skills required: Extensive knowledge if python Basic knowledge of Django Good management skills The key to success within this company is commitment to the role and the ability to solve problems in a logical manner. If you feel you possess these qualities this is the job for you. Allegis Group Limited and Aston Carter Limited operate Employment Businesses and Agencies and are companies within the Allegis Group Inc. group of companies, the fourth largest staffing company in the world, (collectively referred to as the Allegis Group ). TEKsystems and Aerotek are divisions of Allegis Group Limited. Applicant data will be treated in accordance with the Allegis Group s Privacy Notice http://www.allegisgroup.com/Privacy/Default.aspx). By submitting personal data to any company or division within the Allegis Group, the applicant is providing explicit consent to the use of such data by the Allegis Group and to the transfer of such data to and from the Allegis Group companies within the UK, Europe and outside the European Economic Area in connection with the fulfilment of the applicant s voluntary requests, and the fulfilment of other job opportunities that match the applicant s profile, and confirms that they may be contacted about such job opportunities. 
