Title: Software Developer (C, ASPNET, TSQL)
Full Description: Software Developer (C, ASP.NET, TSQL) Named by The Financial Times as one of Europe s most innovative law firms, our client is an awardwinning top 100 commercial law firm. The firm is rapidly developing a national reputation for its innovative approach to delivering legal services, and for its strengths in the financial services, leisure, retail, built environment and technology and media industry sectors. They are a full service law firm providing industry focused multidiscipline integrated solutions. Their core legal specialisms are real estate, banking and finance, commercial, corporate, employment, dispute resolution and litigation. Position: Software Developer Location: Bristol Salary: up to ****k ROLE: The Software Developer will be working as part of the IT team. You will be working within a small, dynamic and innovative development team delivering a wide variety of complex applications to both the law firm and their clients. RESPONSIBILITIES: a) Develop maintainable software solutions to the agreed development plan and to approved specifications. b) Create and maintain system documentation and test plans and prepare other documentation as required. c) Maintain a good technical awareness and familiarity with new and relevant technologies. d) Actively engage in and contribute to development planning and design sessions. ESSENTIAL SKILLS / EXPERIENCE: a) Strong development experience using the following technologies and methodologies: C, .Net **** ASP.Net, TransactSQL (SQL Server 2008), Subversion    SourceSafe or other Source Control and Agile methodologies including continuous integration and test driven development. b) Experience of providing support and development for business critical systems. c) Excellent and proven analytical and problem solving skills. d) Dynamic, innovative and ambitious developer with a demonstrable desire to build efficient and robust applications. e) Excellent communication skills. f) Proven ability to work unsupervised and deliver to deadline while prioritising effectively and managing multiple work streams. g) A keen interest in selfdevelopment and improving coding skills. DESIRABLE SKILLS / EXPERIENCE: a) Experience of .Net ****  **** Visual Studio (VSTO), XML, SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS), SQL Server Analysis Services (SSAS), SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS). b) Design patterns. c) Windows Presentation Foundation. d) Team Foundation Server. e) NUnit and / or Silverlight. f) Sharepoint Server ****/2010 development. g) Web services. You may have experience of the following: Software Developer, .NET, SQL, Programmer, Software Engineer, ASP.NET Developer, Agile, XML, VSTO, Silverlight, C Developer, Scrum, Visual Studio, Database, etc. This vacancy is being advertised by Easy Web Recruitment, the UK s leading Online Recruitment Agency. The services advertised by Easy Web Recruitment are those of an employment agency.
