.NET Developer – Social Messaging Platform – Coventry- job post
Noir Consulting
9 reviews
Coventry•Remote
£55,000 - £65,000 a year

.NET Developer - Social Messaging Platform - Coventry

(Tech stack: .NET Developer, .NET 7, C#, Web API 2, Entity Framework, Microservices, Azure, Programmer, Full Stack Engineer, Architect, .NET Developer)

In 2012 our client launched a social messaging platform that has been taking the US by storm. After an extremely successful period our client has decided to hop across the Atlantic, in a bid to expand their sphere of influence and take up a firm foothold in the UK and European markets.

A number of new offices are being opened in the UK and our client is looking for talented, enthusiastic and passionate .NET Developer to bring their product to these new markets and help enhance this already successful company!

Successful .NET Developer candidates should be able to demonstrate strong knowledge of: .NET .NET Core / ASP.NET MVC, C# and SQL Server. Any experience in the following is desirable: .NET 7, JavaScript, React, Angular 14, Microservices, MongoDB, Vue.js, TypeScript, Azure, AWS, Web API 2, Entity Framework, Node.js, Elasticsearch, Agile, TDD, BDD, Scrum, Kanban and SQL Server 2022. Training will be provided in any of the technologies you lack, allowing you to turn your technological weaknesses into your greatest strengths!

All .NET Developer positions come with the following benefits:

Stock worth £99,000. The stock would be in their parent company (a multi-billion dollar company). You would be able to sell up to a third of your stock per year which would therefore be worth £33,000 per year to you.
30 days holiday (plus 8 UK Bank Holidays).
Flexible working hours
An early finish on Fridays that fall in the months of June, July and August.
£10,000 training allowance including attendance of Microsoft events and conferences.
4 days a month innovative time.
Free gym membership including yoga sessions.
Summer BBQs.
Birthday bonus package - including time off work on your birthday, dinner at a top restaurant or a paid day trip to a European destination.
Location: Coventry, UK / Remote Working

Salary: £55,000 - £65,000 + Bonus + Pension + Benefits

Noir continues to be the leading Microsoft recruitment agency; we can help you make the right career decisions!

NOIRUKNETREC
NOIRUKREC