Software Developer, Python, Typescript , SQL, MongoDB, Project Management, COR5019- job post
Corriculo
Birmingham
£55,000 - £70,000 a year - Full-time, Permanent

Job details
Matches job preferences you are interested in
Salary
£55,000 - £70,000 a year
Job type
Full-time
Permanent
Salary: £55k - 70k per year
Reference: COR5019B/4
Software Developer, Python, Typescript , SQL, MongoDB, Project Management, COR5019

This is an excellent Software Developer role, working for a company with a growing reputation in their field. The Software Developer will use knowledge of Python and/or Typescript, SQL or MongoDB and prior experience managing projects ideally with experience of AWS Lambda to support the development of new and existing software applications crucial to the smooth running of key business areas.

The Company

The Software Developer will join a a leading scientific R&D organisation. The Software Developer will contribute to a supportive team environment, which rewards hard work and innovative thinking. The current work pattern in place is able to work remotely, visitng the Oxford based office twice fortnightly.

Benefits

Some of the benefits on offer for the Software Developer, include:

25 days holiday + Bank holidays

Discretionary bonus

Private Healthcare

The ideal candidate will have some of the following:

Strong experience with Python & or Typescript

A good understanding of databases, specifically with SQL & MongoDB

Cloud experience, ideally with experience of AWS Lambda and prior experience managing projects

Any further experience of continuous integration would be advantageous

The list above is important, but not as important as hiring the right person! So if you don't meet all of the criteria above, but feel the role is of interest, please apply or get in touch today to discuss further.

So What's Next?

If you are a Software Developer currently, or looking to harness your career in this direction, and would like to know more about this excellent opportunity; apply now for immediate consideration!


Software Developer, Python, Typescript , SQL, MongoDB, Project Management, COR5019

Corriculo Ltd acts as an employment agency and an employment business. #indmed #INDDEV