Python Developer, Django (Satellites)- job post
Ernest Gordon Recruitment Limited
England•Remote
£60,000 - £70,000 a year - Full-time

Job details
Matches job preferences you are interested in
Salary
£60,000 - £70,000 a year
Job type
Full-time
Python Developer, Django (Satellites)

Remote (UK)

£60,000 - £70,000 + Company benefits

Are you an Python Engineer with Exceptional Django knowledge that is interested in working with the latest advancements in satellite technologies to remotely track and monitor high-value assets with pinpoint accuracy?

Do you want to have autonomy over your work life, from where you work and when you work?

On offer is the chance to design and develop industry-changing software that will be used to track high-value assets across a multitude of different industries.

This company has had a very successful entry into the UK market after securing some of the IoT Industries' leading brands offshore, they are now building their state-of-the-art R&D location in Oxford, to deliver their newest product suite into the EU Market.

THE ROLE:
Expand the current Django framework to its full capabilities
Manage Ubuntu/Debian-flavoured servers to maintain reliable uptime and roll out upgrades, while using Python or other scripting languages to automate the boring things
Write clean, efficient Django/Python code for the GraphQL API

THE PERSON:
Background in Python Development
Excellent Django framework knowledge

Reference number: BBBH8151
Keywords: Python, Django, DevOps, CI, CD, Remote, satellites, GraphQL, API

If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call us now.

We are an equal opportunities employer and welcome applications from all suitable candidates. The salary advertised is a guideline for this position. The offered remuneration will be dependent on the extent of your experience, qualifications, and skill set.

Ernest Gordon Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job, you accept the T&C's, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found at our website.