Software Developer Ruby JavaScript - Start-up- job post
client server
8 reviews
England•Remote
£60,000 - £75,000 a year - Full-time

Job details
Matches job preferences you are interested in
Salary
£60,000 - £75,000 a year
Job type
Full-time
Software Developer (Ruby JavaScript) *Remote / London* to £75k

Do you want to be part of a close-knit, tech driven start-up where you can utilise and develop your Ruby and JavaScript skills?

You could be joining a well-funded start-up with huge growth potential. The company is currently working with large investment banks, hedge funds as well as legal firms to deploy a unique solution that is experiencing continuous success.

Benefits:

Up to £75k salary
Mostly remote working (4 days a year in the office)
Excellent career prospects
Modern cloud-based tech stack
Your Role:

As a Software Developer, you will work closely with the CTO to continue building out the company's next generation platform that utilises Blockchain technology. As the platform is still young, you will need to have a passion for product development and have a particular focus on 3rd party integration and API development. You can expect to be tackling interesting technical challenges utilising a modern tech stack (Ruby, JavaScript, Docker, Terraform, Kubernetes, and AWS) and can have a large impact on how the company grows by helping to develop core engineering practices into the team.


WFH & Office:

Based in London, you will be joining a small and talented team of individuals. The company offer a conference and technical development (courses, certificates, and qualifications) allowance, as well as flexible hours and mostly remote working.

Requirements:

You are a talented Full Stack Engineer who has experience using Ruby and front-end technologies such as JavaScript, HTML, and CSS
You hold a 2:1, or above, degree in a STEM subject (ideally Computer Science)
You have excellent communication and collaboration skills
As a Software Developer, you can expect to earn a competitive salary (up to £75k) plus benefits and equity.

Apply today or call to have a confidential discussion about this Software Developer (Ruby JavaScript) role.