Software Developer: Microsoft
IBM  Bengaluru East, Karnataka, India On-site 3 weeks ago  Over 200 applicants

About the job
630683BR

Introduction

In this role, you'll work in one of our IBM Consulting Client Innovation Centers (Delivery Centers), where we deliver deep technical and industry expertise to a wide range of public and private sector clients around the world. Our delivery centers offer our clients locally based skills and technical expertise to drive innovation and adoption of new technology.

A career in IBM Consulting embraces long-term relationships and close collaboration with clients across the globe.

You'll work with visionaries across multiple industries to improve the hybrid cloud and AI journey for the most innovative and valuable companies in the world. Your ability to accelerate impact and make meaningful change for your clients is enabled by our strategic partner ecosystem and our robust technology platforms across the IBM portfolio; including IBM Software and Red Hat.

Curiosity and a constant quest for knowledge serve as the foundation to success in IBM Consulting. In your role, you'll be encouraged to challenge the norm, investigate ideas outside of your role, and come up with creative solutions resulting in ground breaking impact for a wide network of clients. Our culture of evolution and empathy centers on long-term career growth and development opportunities in an environment that embraces your unique skills and experience.

Your Role and Responsibilities

Analyze, design, develop and deploy web services APIs .
Develop C# Dot Net, WebAPI.
Analyze and understand existing code frameworks for reuse, extension or replacement.
Effectively work with the Project Management Office to determine scope and schedules for development.
Collaborate with subject matter experts to determine the best ways for web services to interact with existing applications.
Strong verbal and written communication skills including the effective use of visualization tools to document process and data flow. Ability to communicate technical implications to business teams effectively.

Required Technical and Professional Expertise

Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering or a similar degree combined with work experience.
Experience in .Net 6.0 or .NET core ( good to have Experience in Migration from .net 4.x to .net 6.0), minimum of 4+ years of experience in C# and WebAPI development.
Experience with developing,deploying C# Dot Net, WebAPI and use of Oracle and MSSQL database
Experience required in windows programming and WPF as at this movement we are in development phase.
Experience in development of Web API services.

Preferred Technical And Professional Expertise

Strong knowledge of C#.
Experience in developing ReactJS is a plus.
Experience in .Net 6.0 or .NET core ( good to have Experience in Migration from .net 4.x to .net 6.0)

About Business Unit

IBM Consulting is IBM’s consulting and global professional services business, with market leading capabilities in business and technology transformation. With deep expertise in many industries, we offer strategy, experience, technology, and operations services to many of the most innovative and valuable companies in the world. Our people are focused on accelerating our clients’ businesses through the power of collaboration. We believe in the power of technology responsibly used to help people, partners and the planet.

This job requires you to be fully COVID-19 vaccinated prior to your start date and proof of vaccination status will be required before your start date. During the Onboarding process you will be asked to confirm your vaccination status, in case you are unable to get vaccinated for any reason, you can let us know at that stage. Please let us know if you are unable to be vaccinated due to medical or religious reasons. IBM will consider such requests on a case by case basis subject to submission of required proof by the candidate before a stipulated date.

Your Life @ IBM

In a world where technology never stands still, we understand that, dedication to our clients success, innovation that matters, and trust and personal responsibility in all our relationships, lives in what we do as IBMers as we strive to be the catalyst that makes the world work better.

Being an IBMer means you’ll be able to learn and develop yourself and your career, you’ll be encouraged to be courageous and experiment everyday, all whilst having continuous trust and support in an environment where everyone can thrive whatever their personal or professional background.

Our IBMers are growth minded, always staying curious, open to feedback and learning new information and skills to constantly transform themselves and our company. They are trusted to provide on-going feedback to help other IBMers grow, as well as collaborate with colleagues keeping in mind a team focused approach to include different perspectives to drive exceptional outcomes for our customers. The courage our IBMers have to make critical decisions everyday is essential to IBM becoming the catalyst for progress, always embracing challenges with resources they have to hand, a can-do attitude and always striving for an outcome focused approach within everything that they do.

Are you ready to be an IBMer?

About IBM

IBM’s greatest invention is the IBMer. We believe that through the application of intelligence, reason and science, we can improve business, society and the human condition, bringing the power of an open hybrid cloud and AI strategy to life for our clients and partners around the world.Restlessly reinventing since 1911, we are not only one of the largest corporate organizations in the world, we’re also one of the biggest technology and consulting employers, with many of the Fortune 50 companies relying on the IBM Cloud to run their business. At IBM, we pride ourselves on being an early adopter of artificial intelligence, quantum computing and blockchain. Now it’s time for you to join us on our journey to being a responsible technology innovator and a force for good in the world.

Location Statement

When applying to jobs of your interest, we recommend that you do so for those that match your experience and expertise. Our recruiters advise that you apply to not more than 3 roles in a year for the best candidate experience.

For additional information about location requirements, please discuss with the recruiter following submission of your application.

Being You @ IBM

IBM is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, pregnancy, disability, age, veteran status, or other characteristics. IBM is also committed to compliance with all fair employment practices regarding citizenship and immigration status.