Software Engineer III / Sr. Java Developer
Paychex  Bengaluru, Karnataka, India On-site 4 days ago  47 applicants

About the job
Title Software Engineer III / Sr. Java Developer

EOE Statement We are an equal employment opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by law.

About the Organization: Paychex, Inc. (NASDAQ: PAYX) is a leading provider of integrated human capital management solutions for payroll, benefits, human resources, and insurance services.

Industry expertise since 1971
730,000+ clients in the U.S. and Northern Europe
Pays 1 in 12 U.S. private sector employees
Largest HR company for small to medium-sized businesses
Product development company having products for payroll, benefits, and HR.

Description:

Software engineer to work on an agile development team supporting the Insurance product line at Paychex. Develops code and performs maintenance for a mission critical Insurance platform; collaborates effectively with teammates and business stakeholders; demonstrates passion for software engineering by producing clean, well-tested code that is released to customers every two weeks.

Responsibilities

Develop, test, deploy, maintain and improve software to meet requirements
Complete complex program changes; self-directed
Perform comprehensive analysis and design for broadly defined requirements
Make significant technical contributions; contribute to technical direction
Provide estimates required for user stories based on business requirements, specifications and designs
Comply with and contribute to SDLC standards and CD/CI procedures to ensure consistency
Monitor progress against task estimates to provide status
Provide technical support and troubleshooting for applications across environments
Maintain existing code base, monitoring for failures in non-prod environments
Support changes during quality assurance, user acceptance testing, and post implementation to ensure integrity of application
Share technical expertise; guide and mentor others to maximize team effectiveness and quality

Category: PD&IT

Position Requirements:

Education:

Bachelors degree in Computer Science or related field

Masters Degree in Computer Science

Required relevant experience:

Bachelor's Degree in Computer related discipline or equivalent work experience
SE 3 – 5-8 years of experience in Related field

We’re looking for Java, AngularJS, CSS, Spring, Spring boot framework, SQL, Restful Services, MangoDB , automated testing with Robot Framework. One’s highlighted are essential.