Senior Software Developer (Computational Software)
Siemens  Gurugram, Haryana, India On-site 1 week ago  25 applicants

About the job
Looking for challenging role? If you really want to make a difference - make it with us

Ensuring the highest standards in engineering supporting the solution business of Siemens Ltd. worldwide. Should be a phenomenal teammate to engage in a fruitful collaboration with the business partners. Supporting international projects in the regions and on site in a self-reliant style.

Your new role – challenging and future-oriented.

Energy, Siemens Limited India is seeking a responsible, professional, and self-motivated individual to join the Gas Turbine Product Development team, Gurgaon as a Senior Software Developer (Computational Software). This position provides an exciting opportunity to work in a fast-paced, dynamic, global product development environment.

Primary responsibility is to design, refactor, and enhance the existing inhouse software (computational tools) used in the analysis of Siemens Gas Turbine Performance.

Additionally, this position will provide opportunity to support our Gas turbine core engineering functions, such as Gas Turbine testing activities (production and development).

Roles & Responsibilities:

Follow Agile/Scrum method in building a stable and robust software design environment which consists of multiple interfaces, translators, integration tools and automation scripts
Focus on consolidating evolving requirements from various stakeholders and suggest code refactoring
Clean coding and implement efficient algorithms related to internal numerical algorithms
Design and develop an interface layer for easy of automation and integration with other analysis tools
Apply software development lifecycle process for the analysis, design, implementation, testing and validation for building the application
Support core engineering team in Gas Turbine performance analysis, performance testing activities etc. on need basis

We don’t need superheroes, just super minds:

Master’s/bachelor’s degree in IT/CS&E/Electronics/Mechanical/Aerospace/Computational Engineering with solid understanding of software design and development
Minimum 6 years as an independent professional software development experience (preferable in a software product development setup)
High level of proficiency of Object-Oriented Programming, Design Patterns and application architecture is a must
Testing methods and technique to ensure bug free and stable software required for building mission critical apps
Software configuration management using GiT
Experience with prediction modelling techniques

Skills required:

High level of proficiency in programming language, preferably in C#
Fluent with other programming languages, such as FORTRAN / MATLAB / VBA
Understanding of gas turbine simple cycle (basic to intermediate level)
Ability to carry out basic thermodynamic calculations is preferred.
Experience in building robust numerical engineering application.
Working knowledge of GiT

General competencies:

Problem solving skills (preferably with some training e.g. Kepner-Tregoe, Fault tree analysis, Ishikawa diagrams)
Ability to communicate with a range of audiences (Customer, Management, local CDE) in a coherent succinct manner.
Strong critical thinking
Strong organizational skills
Fast learner
Quality mindset
Very innovative
Excellent verbal and written communications skills in English, including good presentation skills
Independent contributor who takes initiative and decisive
Focused on the purpose and committed to delivering minimum viable product in a timely fashion
Ability to prioritize tasks and follow the Agile methodology
Promotes a culture of inclusion where everyone feels respected and valued
Acts as an owner of our company, with a passion to win and deliver exceptional results through continuous improvement
Collaboration skills to work in an inclusive yet culturally diverse global development team
Interested in long-term, stable career growth and development

We’ve got quite a lot to offer. How about you?

This role is based at Site ( Gurgaon ). You’ll also get to visit other locations in India and beyond, so you’ll need to go where this journey takes you. In return, you’ll get the chance to work with teams impacting entire cities, countries – and the shape of things to come.

We’re Siemens. A collection of over 379,000 minds building the future, one day at a time in over 200 countries. We're dedicated to equality, and we welcome applications that reflect the diversity of the communities we work in. All employment decisions at Siemens are based on qualifications, merit and business need. Bring your curiosity and imagination and help us shape tomorrow.