Software Developer, Trilogy (Remote) - $60,000/year USD

Crossover  Mumbai, Maharashtra, India Remote 1 day ago  98 applicants

About the job
Crossover is the world's #1 source of full-time remote jobs. Our clients offer top-tier pay for top-tier talent. We're recruiting this role for our client, Trilogy. Have you got what it takes?

Calling all talented software engineers! If you're passionate about transforming education, we have an exciting role for you. Join our remote team at Trilogy and play a vital part in enhancing our groundbreaking education products!

Get ready to innovate as you create automations, extract valuable data through web scraping, develop powerful scripts, and build technical functionalities. Your unwavering attention to detail and passion for an exceptional user experience will be instrumental in delivering remarkable outputs. Trilogy offers a fully remote role, giving you the freedom to work from anywhere while delivering top-notch results. Don't miss this opportunity to shape the future of education and unleash your full potential!

What You Will Be Doing

Collaborating with a dynamic team to add features, functionality, and troubleshoot existing products.
Working with multiple products and adapting to new technologies as we continue to expand our offerings.
Crafting and implementing automations, web scraping techniques, and scripts to enhance our educational platforms.
Building new technical functionalities based on specifications, ensuring an exceptional user experience.

What You Won’t Be Doing

Engaging in new product design from scratch, as this role primarily focuses on enhancing existing products.
Dealing with excessive administrative tasks or bureaucracy that hinder productivity.
Being restricted to a single technology or product; you will have the opportunity to work across various projects.

Software Developer Key Responsibilities

Building new product features and capabilities that revolutionize the way education is delivered.

Basic Requirements

At least 3 years of experience writing production-level code
Proficiency in Python and TypeScript
Availability to work at least 2 hours per workday during US Central business hours (8 am - 6 pm)

About Trilogy

Hundreds of software businesses run on the Trilogy Business Platform. For three decades, Trilogy has been known for 3 things: Relentlessly seeking top talent, Innovating new technology, and incubating new businesses. Our technological innovation is spearheaded by a passion for simple customer-facing designs. Our incubation of new businesses ranges from entirely new moon-shot ideas to rearchitecting existing projects for today's modern cloud-based stack. Trilogy is a place where you can be surrounded with great people, be proud of doing great work, and grow your career by leaps and bounds.

There is so much to cover for this exciting role, and space here is limited. Hit the Apply button if you found this interesting and want to learn more. We look forward to meeting you!

Working with Crossover

This is a full-time (40 hours per week), long-term position. The position is immediately available and requires entering into an independent contractor agreement with Crossover. The compensation level for this role is $30 USD/hour, which equates to $60,000 USD/year assuming 40 hours per week and 50 weeks per year. The payment period is weekly. Consult www.crossover.com/help-and-faqs for more details on this topic.

What to expect next:

You will receive an email with a link to start your self-paced, online job application.
Our hiring platform will guide you through a series of online “screening” assessments to check for basic job fit, job-related skills, and finally a few real-world job-specific assignments.

Important! If you do not receive an email from us:

First, emails may take up to 15 minutes to send, refresh and check again.
Second, check your spam and junk folders for an email from Crossover.com, mark as “Not Spam” since you will receive other emails as well.
Third, we will send to whatever email account you indicated on the Apply form - by default, that is the email address you use as your LinkedIn username and it might be different than the one you have already checked.
If all else fails, just reset your password by visiting https://www.crossover.com/auth/password-recovery if you already applied using LinkedIn EasyApply.
Crossover Job Code: LJ-5049-IN-Mumbai-SoftwareDevelo