Python Software Developer
EDGE SPACE SYSTEMS, INC.  Marmagao, Goa, India 2 weeks ago  3 applicants

About the job
This job is sourced from a job board. Learn moreExp: 1-5 years; Technical Support EngineerAt Dell Technologies, world-class service doesn't end when a customer purchases our innovative products. Our Technical Support team is there for them whenever they need help - by phone or email, online and on social media. No matter how complex the challenge, we rise to it. We answer questions about the installation, operation, configuration, customization and use of Dell Technologies products. For critical matters, we use our systems to provide remote diagnostic technical support. If there's an issue witha customer's product, we'll analyze it, identify the cause, recommend a solution and document the problem.Join us as a Technical Support Engineer on our Product Services team in [Dalian] to do the best work of your career and make a profound social impact.What you'll achieveAs a Technical Support Engineer, you will work with highly skilled technical advisors to develop and deliver solutions that enable customers to maximize returns on IT investments, drive efficiencies and reduce costs.You will. Resolve customer-reported issues while working closely with other multi-functional teams. Provide feedback to Engineering for improving product quality and reliability. Determine priority levels while negotiating and setting expectations with customers. Document relevant information and ensure that the customer is communicated with in a timely manner and treated with the highest degree of respect. Drive operational excellence through quality closures and proper escalation of issuesTake the first step towards your dream careerEvery Dell Technologies team member brings something unique to the table. Here's what we are looking for with this roleEssential Requirements. 2 to 5 years of related experience. First-rate customer focus, phone etiquette and work ethic. Ability to work under pressure with calmness and composure. Strong problem-solving and trouble-shooting skills using operational and diagnostic procedures. Ability to take on shift work, holidays, weekends and on-call responsibilitiesDesirable Requirements. Bachelor's degreeHere's our story now tell us yoursDell Technologies helps organizations and individuals build a brighter digital tomorrow. Our company is made up of more than 150,000 people, located in over 180 locations around the world. We're proud to be a diverse and inclusive team and have an endless passion for our mission to drive human progress.What's most important to us is that you are respected, feel like you can be yourself and have the opportunity to do the best work of your life -- while still having a life. We offer excellent benefits, bonus programs, flexible work arrangements, a variety of career development opportunities, employee resource groups, and much more.We started with computers, but we didn't stop there. We are helping customers move into the future with multi-cloud, AI and machine learning through the most innovative technology and services portfolio for the data era. Join us and become a part of what's next in technology, starting today.You can also learn more about us by reading our latest Diversity and Inclusion Report and our plan to make the world a better place by 2030 .Dell is committed to the principle of equal employment opportunity for all employees and to providing employees with a work environment free of discrimination and harassment. All employment decisions at Dell are based on business needs, job requirements and individual qualifications, without regard to race, color, religion or belief, national, social or ethnic origin, sex (including pregnancy), age, physical, mental or sensory disability, HIV Status, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, marital, civil union or domestic partnership status, past or present military service, family medical history or genetic information, family or parental status, or any other status protected by the laws or regulations in the locations where we operate. Dell will not tolerate discrimination or harassment based on any of these characteristics. Dell encourages applicants of all ages. Read the full Equal Employment
Desired Skills and Experience
Engineering Construction