C#/VB.NET Developer- job post
Reynolds and Reynolds
517 reviews
Birmingham
Full-time

Job details
Matches job preferences you are interested in
Job type
Full-time
Shift and schedule
Monday to Friday
POSITION DESCRIPTION:

Reynolds and Reynolds is currently seeking candidates with prior experience of systems design and development. In this role you will work on technical and functional enhancements to the back end of our
CRM and lead processing platform, and on interfaces between our software solutions and third parties.
This is an excellent opportunity to join an experienced team where you will deliver significant projects which will directly contribute to growing the business.

REQUIREMENTS:

2-3 years prior experience is required in one or more of the following: o .NET (C# or VB.NET) o Microsoft SQL Server (database design, DBA, stored procedures, OLAP and reporting) o Web services integration using SOAP or REST APIs
Training in C/C++ will be provided but prior experience will be an advantage
Proven track record of the delivery of successful projects
A degree in Computer Science would be an advantage
BENEFITS:

We strive to provide our employees with an environment that includes the right balance between work and family. Our employees receive life assurance cover, optical care, the option to purchase additional annual leave and 4% employer pension contributions. You will also have access to our Health Assured
Employee Assistance Programme and Cycle to Work scheme, as well as free parking. We promote employee camaraderie outside of work through company sponsored charity events and a variety of activities and social outings.

COMPANY INFORMATION:

Are you looking for a rewarding career in a fast-paced environment with an established company? Do you want to work at a company with growth opportunities that will provide you with the training to be successful? If so, Reynolds and Reynolds is the company for you! Reynolds and Reynolds is a leader in high quality software solutions and IT services around the world and we are looking for a person with the potential to grow and continue our legacy of over
150 years of outstanding products and services at our Birmingham office.

Any data you submit to Reynolds and Reynolds Ltd. will be handled in accordance with our privacy policy which you can read at https://reyrey.co.uk/privacy.

Job Type: Full-time

Schedule:

Monday to Friday