Sr Application/ Software Developer
Hexagon Manufacturing Intelligence  Pune, Maharashtra, India On-site 1 week ago  103 applicants

About the job
Hexagon is a global leader in sensor, software and autonomous solutions. We are putting data to work to boost efficiency, productivity, and quality across industrial, manufacturing, infrastructure, safety, and mobility applications. Our technologies are shaping urban and production ecosystems to become increasingly connected and autonomous – ensuring a scalable, sustainable future. Hexagon’s Manufacturing Intelligence division provides solutions that utilise data from design and engineering, production and metrology to make manufacturing smarter.


Due to our continued growth, we are seeking a Senior Software / Application Developer to lead work on a new simulation software application development team.

You will be a software developer with an enquiring and technical mind, looking to work on technical software which is used across the world. You will be comfortable working on front-end GUIs, complex object models and using web-APIs, and yet be able to work with technical experts in the domain.

You must be ready to challenge yourself working with expert developers in applied maths and web-backends, and across a stack that includes desktop and web front ends. You will have experience of translating requirements from on-site teams based in the UK, converting them into software design and code.

You will be developing our world leading CAE (Computer Aided Engineering) applications for blue-chip electric-vehicle, renewable energy, aerospace & automotive companies.

Key responsibilities

You must be able to work across the whole software development life cycle:

Understand technical requirements from our product designers in UK
Take ownership of software delivery
Code new features in our simulation software
Test software against user & technical requirements
Debugging and resolving technical problems that arise.
Producing detailed design documentation.
Work with developers, testers, and product designers in an agile environment
Actively contribute to the culture of this dynamic team
4-6 years commercial software development experience, of which significant experience is in C#, Python or Smalltalk

Job requirements and qualifications

Essential:

Strong English skills, written and spoken
Prior experience as a .NET Developer.
Good proficiency in C#, Python or Smalltalk
2:1 or better graduate in computer-science, a science or engineering degree
Good numeracy skills
Love of technology and attention to detail
Automated testing – unit and system testing
Experience of working on complex object models or API’s
Use of JSON or XML
Production use of Git, GitLab, GitHub or Azure DevOps
Experience of mentoring junior team members
Agile methods such as Scrum

Desirable:

Experience in / Desire to learn
Web front-end development with JavaScript using Angular
React frameworks
Experience in JIRA or similar tracking tools
Experience in documentation using Confluence
An appreciation for physics or engineering
Test Driven Development