Junior Android Developer - Remote WFH- job post
Mainstream Digital Ltd
Birmingham
£30,000 - £40,000 a year - Full-time, Permanent

Job details
Matches job preferences you are interested in
Salary
£30,000 - £40,000 a year
Job type
Full-time
Permanent
Shift and schedule
Monday to Friday
This rapidly growing telecommunications and SaaS (Software as a Service) provider has been at the forefront of corporate communication solutions for over 30 years. A national supplier with a local perspective, they recognise that innovation in the channel is an important differentiator, but customer service is a key element of what they do and something their clients value. Innovation must therefore enhance their technical offer, their ability to deliver for their customer service.

You are a creative person with the will and drive to bring your innovative ideas to life, developing new and exciting services that their clients want to use. You will be challenged to think from the customer perspective and deliver real results that work for both the company and their new and existing client base as they grow their service offering.

Help them to grow, and they will help you to grow. Your hard work will be rewarded with new opportunities for developing skills that will push you and them forward with new technology and customer innovation.

Responsibilities

Building and maintaining mobile applications
Providing recommendations on best technological practices
Assist in the design of mobile solution architecture
Continual testing, development and maintenance of technologies
Superb communication skills for collaborative development
Skills and Experience

Experience with Android Studio IDE, Android API, Kotlin
Experience of integrating third-party libraries into Android Apps
Understanding of mobile security of applications
Desirable Skills (but not required)

Experience with JAVA
Benefits

23 days holiday in addition to official Bank Holidays
Increased Holiday with Service
Annual Bonus Scheme
Long Service Bonus
Buy/Sell Holiday Scheme
5% employer pension contribution on qualifying earnings
Subsidised Gym Membership
To apply please send your CV for consideration.

Job Types: Full-time, Permanent

Salary: £30,000.00-£40,000.00 per year

Benefits:

Work from home
Schedule:

Monday to Friday
Supplemental pay types:

Loyalty bonus
Yearly bonus
Application question(s):

Would you need a Visa Sponsorship in the future? (Required)
Are you currently in the United Kingdom? (Required)
How much non-commercial (at-home) Android Experience do you have? (Required)
Do you have any commercial (working) experience, if so for how long? (Required)
Are you able to share any samples of your previous Android code? If so, please can you include a link in your CV. (Optional)
Work Location: In person

Reference ID: AndroidDev1Lon