Front End Developer- job post
Noir Consulting
9 reviews
Birmingham•Hybrid remote
£45,000 - £60,000 a year

Front End Developer


Front End Developer - Leading Sports Forecasting Company - Birmingham - Hybrid


(Tech stack: Front End Developer React, ReactJS 17, React Hooks, React.js, Angular, Vue, JavaScript, TypeScript, HTML, CSS, Javascript Developer, Front End Engineer, Front End Developer)

Our client was founded in 2008 and have rapidly become notorious for forecasting technology that can enable them to create any sports market or product without limitation.

My client is on an exhilarating journey, and they need a Front End Developer to add to their dynamic team of people as they want to dominate the industry, delivering a smooth sports forecasting experience.

My client is looking for a Front End Developers who has current and relevant experience working with ReactJS. You should also have significant commercial experience in the web stack of ReactJS, HTML, CSS and JavaScript.

Our client is looking for passionate Front End Developers with experience in some or all of the following (full training will be provided to fill any gaps in your skill set): React, ReactJS 18, React Hooks, React.js, Angular, Vue, JavaScript, TypeScript, HTML, CSS, Rest API's, and Redux.

The benefits include:

Hybrid - 2 days' work from home, 3 days office
4% pension contribution
26 days holiday + BH
Season ticket loan
BUPA Healthcare or a Fitness First Gym membership
Cycle to work scheme.
Extremely flexible working hours
Work from home options (this will increase as you get up to speed with the work)
Eye care vouchers + other wellness vouchers
5% minimum bonus - can be up to 25% dependant on performance.
Salary review in April each year
Share options scheme (around 20% salary, with a 30% discount)
Lots of company events for both American and British holidays i.e Thanksgiving, Christmas etc.
Location: Birmingham - Hybrid Working

Salary: £45,000 - £60,000 + Bonus + Pension + Benefits

This is your opportunity to be part of a team that works fast, aims high, focused, and ambitious.

So, if you want to be part of something quite unique and drive the future of gaming.

To apply for this position please send your CV to Nimesh Henarath at Noir.

NOIRUKTECHREC

NOIRUKREC