Title: SME Manager
Full Description: ?X Responding to client queries, and those from third parties (e.g. HMRC) in a timely manner. ?X Seek to gain experience and progress the role and those of other staff by seeking to take more advanced work from partners and delegating more routine work to others, thereby aiding costeffectiveness and adding to interest/ training of all within the department. ?X Manage members of the team through regular meetings and annual appraisal review, trainee reviews resulting in the creation of development plans and motivating the team as a whole ?X Development of new business for the department either through existing clients or new clients to the firm, achieving set targets through developing contacts within the community/ other professionals, attending and contributing to both regular a ?X Ability to review Accounts and tax files quickly and delegate resulting tasks effectively ?X Ability to conduct audits in the role of audit manager and sign off where appropriate ?X Ability to develop strong relationships both internally and externally resulting in greater efficiencies internally and new business from external sources ?X Excellent delegation and prioritisation skills thus creating high value work and moving compliance led work to the right areas ?X Strong computer literacy and an the skills to advocate change and continuous improvement ?X Strong active listening skills and man management skills with an ability to deal with complex and conflicting situations for the benefit of the practice underpinned with Large Independent Chartered Accountants. Competitive salary. Pension scheme. Life Assurance. Some flexibility in working hours. Your application will be reviewed by Michael Page. Please be aware we receive a high volume of applications for every role advertised regularly receive applications from candidates who exceed the job credentials. We will only contact you within the next 14 days if you are selected for interview. Where specific UK qualifications are required we will take into account overseas equivalents. Michael Page is a world leading recruitment consultancy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SMEManager_job****
