Title: Senior Tax Manager
Full Description: Joining as a Senior Tax Manager based in the firms offices in Bideford, North Devon, you will look to develop tax advisory and planning opportunities across both personal and corporate tax. The partners and directors of this highly successful firm, have identified a significant opportunity for the right client facing and relationship focused tax professional to develop varied and complex planning and tax advisory services from the the existing client base. The firms clients are varied across a wide spectrum of industries and size, ranging from small sole traders and limited companies to multi million pound OMBs, SMEs, directors and high net worth individuals. You will be responsible for a identifying opportunities for planning across the client base, building relationships and delivering t You will be either ACA, ACCA qualified with an initial all round grounding in general accountancy practice and having specialised in taxation later in your career, across both personal and corporate tax at Tax Manager or Senior Tax Manager level.Or you may be a tax focused professional, throughout your career, having pursued and qualified ATT and/ or CTA. You will be looking for an advisory focused opportunity, where you can develop long term, added value relationships with your clients. You may be a locally based taxation professional seeking a new challenging career opportunity in the region, with genuine potential to progress, or you may be looking to relocate to North Devon for lifestyle, family reasons etc. A leading firm of regional, independent chartered accountants with an excellent reputation across North Devon and further afield. ****  **** negotiable, dependent on experience Your application will be reviewed by Michael Page. Please be aware we receive a high volume of applications for every role advertised regularly receive applications from candidates who exceed the job credentials. We will only contact you within the next 14 days if you are selected for interview. Where specific UK qualifications are required we will take into account overseas equivalents. Michael Page is a world leading recruitment consultancy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SeniorTaxManager_job****
