Title: Audit and Accounts Senior
Full Description: Joining as an Audit and Accounts Senior, based at the firms offices in Swindon, you will be responsible for auditing accounts, interpreting and verifying information provided by clients, preparing annual and management accounts, completing tax computations and drafting letters, emails and other documents for clients, the tax office and registrar of companies. You will work on a wide range of clients, across varied industries and turnovers with involvement in added value project work and within a culture and firm where you will be encouraged to develop further skills and progress in your career. Genuine opportunities for long term career development are on offer for candidates looking to join an expanding and highly successful firm of chartered accountants. The firm, partners and senior managers are looking for a qualified audit and accounts senior with demonstrable experience of leading small, medium or large audits and providing support to junior staff You will be ACA, ACCA qualified or equivalent with a background gained within accountancy practice from small, medium or large regional firm environment, with skills across audit, accounts and general practice services. Alternatively, you may have developed your career within larger Top 50/ Top Ten or Top Four firm environment focused more in audit for larger clients. A highly successful firm of chartered accountants based in Swindon, with an excellent reputation, undergoing continued growth and expansion. The firm and culture offer genuine career progression and development prospects for individuals looking to develop further skills and gain greater responsibility and develop their careers. ****  **** plus benefits, negotiable, dependent on experience. Your application will be reviewed by Michael Page. Please be aware we receive a high volume of applications for every role advertised regularly receive applications from candidates who exceed the job credentials. We will only contact you within the next 14 days if you are selected for interview. Where specific UK qualifications are required we will take into account overseas equivalents. Michael Page is a world leading recruitment consultancy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/AuditandAccountsSenior_job****
