Title: Financial Controller
Full Description: I am currently searching for a high calibre qualified accountant to join a mid sized Corporate Client as Financial Controller  Head of Group Reporting. I believe this is a great opportunity to join a fast track and progressive finance team in a leadership role offering high level exposure, varied project work as well as an above market rate package. The business: This mid sized and fast growing corporate business operate through offices across Europe, North & South America and Apac and base their Central Finance team (of ****) in London. The company provide technology services and online communications solutions and are well known as a leader in their field. Highly acquisitive, this is an exciting and fast paced environment offering fast track career progression and therefore attracting talented individuals. The role: Reporting to the Group FD, the purpose of this role is to manage a team of 4 to deliver consolidated Group reports with commentary and recommendations to the board, to ensure continuous improvement of processes, procedures and systems, and varied ad hoc project work (25% of role). The role will expand to include more project work once the individual expands the team beneath them and delegates work load. Duties will include: Take ownership for delivery of group consolidated reports and presentation to board Owning the PLC reporting process Creating & presenting the investor relations pack Varied project work encompassing identification of businesses for acquisition and disposals, on boarding of businesses and teams, analysis, working with overseas finance teams and ad hoc work for Group FD and CFO. Management, development and motivation of team and recruitment to expand team this year and delegation of work thereafter The candidate: We are looking for an exceptional, motivated and career focussed Chartered Accountant who will enjoy working at part of a team and values building relationships across finance and the wider business. Candidates will be technically strong with excellent communication skills and the gravitas to deal regularly with the CFO and high level stakeholders. Profile required: ACA (Top Practice trained) with post qualification experience gained in a commercial business Strong academics Experience of group consolidated statutory accounts for an international business Proven leadership and management skills Ambitious driven and comfortable working in a varied role in fast moving environment For more information on this role or other positions in London, please submit your CV.Hays Specialist Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T&C's, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found at hays.co.uk
