Title: VAT Manager/Senior Manager with progression
Full Description: The partners are flexible to bring in the right individual at VAT Manager or VAT Senior Manager level dependent on your level of experience. Based in their Exeter offices You will take a lead on VAT consultancy and support both internally and externally, dealing with a wide range of clients, providing services across the range of VAT advice. Some specific example areas will include land and property transactions, general business and trade sale and purchase agreements, dealing with Customs correspondence and disputes. You will also look to develop and lead the Internal training and development programme, overseeing the growth of the department and build a team across the firm to support you as referrals and client growth develops. You will act as a technical support specialist t You will be a qualified ACA, ACCA accountant, currently at VAT Manager or Senior Managerial level within a medium/large independent firm of chartered accountants or larger, Top 50/ Top 10 or Top 4 environment. You will be an experienced VAT specialist and be looking to carve a pivotal role within a leading firm of chartered accountants. A leading, large, regional independent firm of chartered accountants in Exeter. The firm has an excellent reputation and superb client base, offering varied VAT project work and significant scope for further development. For individuals looking to further their careers, genuine opportunities are on offer to progress towards potential partnership and equity. ****  **** plus benefits, negotiable, dependent on level and experience Your application will be reviewed by Michael Page. Please be aware we receive a high volume of applications for every role advertised regularly receive applications from candidates who exceed the job credentials. We will only contact you within the next 14 days if you are selected for interview. Where specific UK qualifications are required we will take into account overseas equivalents. Michael Page is a world leading recruitment consultancy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/VATManagerSeniorManagerwithprogression_job****
