Title: Personal Tax Manager with Progression
Full Description: Joining the firm as a Personal Tax Manager, based in the firms offices in Bath, you will take on the full portfolio management of a mixed client base of HNWIs, directors, partnerships, individuals, trusts, ex pats and other clients, overseeing the provision of personal tax compliance and planning, advisory work to this mixed client base. Alongside the management of this portfolio and staff, reviewing work and hands on involvement in a range of advisory projects you will have a key position with the firm, looking to support the partners in the development of the tax department. You will therefore have opportunity to develop the client base further, developing new business through networking, events and referrals. Their will be genuine opportunities for career progression, with potential pa  CTA qualified with a strong background and focus in personal tax compliance, with advisory and planning experience alongside.  Your experience will have been gained in any of Top Ten, Top 50 or medium/large independent accountancy practice background.  You will be looking to progress your career beyond Personal Tax Manager level and be looking for an opportunity where you will have genuine opportunity to progress your career, in a key role driving the development of the firms tax department A leading and highly successful firm of chartered accountants, based in Bath with genuine growth and development potential. ****  **** plus benefits Your application will be reviewed by Michael Page. Please be aware we receive a high volume of applications for every role advertised regularly receive applications from candidates who exceed the job credentials. We will only contact you within the next 14 days if you are selected for interview. Where specific UK qualifications are required we will take into account overseas equivalents. Michael Page is a world leading recruitment consultancy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/PersonalTaxManagerwithProgression_job****
