Title: Associate Director Corporate Finance TS
Full Description: You will quickly develop an understanding of the target business and its drivers. Interpretation and analysis of information memoranda, business plans, publicly available information on the target business. Review and analysis of historical trading, cash flow and balance sheets. Review and analysis of projections and underlying assumptions. Review of the adequacy of working capital facilities, including consideration of financing limits term and covenants. Evaluation of potential synergies. Reporting of potential key issues for our client including identification of risk or price affecting considerations. Review of sale and purchase agreement and correlating findings of due diligence process therein. Review of financial structures and associated credit agreements.  ACA qualified or equivalent qualification/experience Relevant transaction services experience operating at corporate finance manager/senior manager or associate director level  Experience of sale and purchase agreement negotiations would be an advantage  Evidence of team leadership and management ability.  Broad financial and commercial experience, having demonstrated achievement either within a professional services organisation or corporate  Strong report writing and reviewing skills, with appropriate focus on conciseness and risk management  Client focused, ensuring high quality service  Fluency in a major European foreign language would be an advantage A leading firm of Bristol chartered accountants, working on high profile assignments with some of the best in the field, you will have the opportunity to work on a wide variety of projects with a mix of both corporate and private equity transactions, within a highly commercial, client focused environment. Core services include acquisition and vendor due diligence, bid defence and support and reporting accountant services for capital market transactions. Typically, then team works within a wider deal team which accessed the firm`s vast range of specialist expertise including commercial and operational due diligence, sale and purchase agreement negotiation, real estate, treasury, pensions, modelling, fund placement, merger integration, IT and business intelligence. They also often work on ****  **** plus benefits Your application will be reviewed by Michael Page. Please be aware we receive a high volume of applications for every role advertised regularly receive applications from candidates who exceed the job credentials. We will only contact you within the next 14 days if you are selected for interview. Where specific UK qualifications are required we will take into account overseas equivalents. Michael Page is a world leading recruitment consultancy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/AssociateDirectorCorporateFinanceTS_job****
