Title: Chartered Accountant  Client Team Manager
Full Description: This is a brilliant opportunity to join a leading regional accountancy practice that are going through a period of growth. They are looking for a qualified accountant with strong practice experience and someone who is experienced at managing a team and also being hands on with managing clients. The key purpose of this role is to plan, organise, lead and control the work of the section. To provide a costeffective, timely, quality service to the client, so as to maximise margin for the firm. To contribute to overall practice and new business development. Key responsibilities?  Responding to client queries, and those from third parties (e.g. HMRC) in a timely manner.  Seek to gain experience and progress the role and those of other staff by seeking to take more advanced work from partners and delegating more routine work to others, thereby aiding costeffectiveness and adding to interest/ training of all within the department.  Manage members of the team through regular meetings and annual appraisal review, trainee reviews resulting in the creation of development plans and motivating the team as a whole  Development of new business for the department either through existing clients or new clients to the firm, achieving set targets through developing contacts within the community/ other professionals, attending and contributing to both regular and oneoff seminars, and other relevant activities such as networking events so as to increase profile of the firm.  Identify other services that the firm could offer existing clients i.e. crossselling. Links with providing effective client service  Develop knowledge of clients and their businesses so as to become their point of contact on daytoday matters.  Reviewing accounts and tax work performed by more junior staff. Includes corporate and unincorporated clients.  Completing staff Job appraisal forms and ensuring minimum numbers are met. Providing feedback (good and bad) and training as required.  Assist other Audit Manager with Audits and review of audit work performed by team members.  Occasional hands on duties such as preparation of tax returns.  Seeking to identify business and personal tax planning opportunities, VAT issues, NIC issues, business planning points, etc as part of the review process. Drawing to attention of partners/ client as appropriate. Preparation of necessary reports/ computations etc, liaising with other professional advisers as required.  Assisting partners with specific assignments e.g. business planning, advisory and tax matters.  Assisting partners in controlling WIP within the section by progressing work to completion/ billing point swiftly. Liaising with partners re WIP and raising bills/ assisting as required.  Ensuring work is planned and progressed in an efficient, timely and cost effective manner by liaising with Partners and supervising staff.  Maintain own CPD by attendance at appropriate courses
