Title: Senior Service Charge Accountant, Residential Property  Essex
Full Description: Senior Service Charge Accountant, Residential Property. Our Client, an established property organisation who offers a wide range of services across UK is currently seeking a Senior Service Charge Accountant. The role: Reporting to the Head of Service Charge accounting you will be required to fulfil the following duties:  Overseeing and monitoring the production of service charge accounts.  Overseeing a team of Client Accountants at different levels for a number of Clients across the region.  Constantly reviewing the work of others to ensure it is correctly completed.  Ensuring all service charges accounts are completed on time to reach the team targets.  Supporting and guiding the Client Accountants with regards to the completion of service charge accounts, budgets, yearend accounts and client reporting.  Overseeing the client accounts and payments. The person: To apply, you MUST have recent property management accounting experience gained from either another property management organisation or firm of Chartered Accountants. Experience and knowledge of residential service charges will be highly advantageous. You will ideally have experience of property management systems including QUBE, Tramps, APB etc. It is essential you have strong managerial and communication skills as well as organisational skills. This opportunity will allow you to be part of a wellknown ‘brand’ with the property industry and a chance to share your knowledge and experience. Please visit our website (www.tridentint.com ) to view all our vacancies. Follow us on Twitter at (www.twitter.com/Tridentint) or connect with us on LinkedIn at (www.linkedin.com/company/tridentinternationalassociates?trkhb_tab_compy_id_****) or like us on Facebook (www.facebook.com/pages/TridentInternationalAssociates/ [contact details removed] Please note that due to volume we cannot get back to everyone, however every application is looked at and considered and will be held on Trident International’s database for review. If you have not heard back from us within **** working days you should assume your initial application has been unsuccessful, however if suitable roles arise in the future we will make every effort to contact you.
