Title: Partner
Full Description: Our client is a long established and growing firm of Chartered Accountants with the client relationship at its heart. As one of Cornwall rsquo;s leading accountancy firms, it prides itself on its fair, open and considerate approach to clients, working with all industries, but offering specialist knowledge in the areas of agriculture, construction, solicitors, hotels and restaurants. This appointment presents a rare opportunity for a senior and dynamic accountant to enter an established practice directly as Partner. Due to the significant workload and the future retirement of one of the Partners, you would inherit a portfolio of existing business, meaning that applicants seeking to relocate to the area without their own clients will be considered alongside all others. Working alongside **** partners, this is a strategic appointment which will see you play a major role in influencing and contributing to the future direction of the firm and the profitable growth of the partnership. We are looking for a chartered accountant who has enough audit experience to obtain the Responsible Individual qualification. You will be enthusiastic, entrepreneurial, forward thinking with a wealth of general practice experience and wish to develop yourself by becoming an integral part of the business helping to build on and enhance an already outstanding reputation. From the start you will work closely with the retiring partner, learning about and being introduced to the clients before taking over and acting as the engagement partner for clients drawing on your experience to advise on a variety of areas including general commercial financial advice, business planning, sale and acquisition, and reorganisations; managing the clients rsquo; experience upon which the success of the Firm has been established. You will, therefore, be very personable with excellent client facing skills as the work of the Firm is underpinned by a Partner driven quality approach. Integral to the role will be the desire and capability to cultivate and develop business. The package available is indicative of an individual joining as a Partner. Once established, future potential earnings are likely to be in the region of pound;****K. We are interested in hearing from a wide variety of applicants as there is some flexibility depending on your background and current circumstances. Applications are invited from candidates and if you are interested in exploring this outstanding opportunity, please contact the retained recruitment consultant, Jane Passingham on **** or email jane.passinghamrockfield.org nbsp; Any third party CVs will be sent to Rockfield Recruitment. Ref: **** nbsp; nbsp;
