Title: Manager  Expatriate Tax
Full Description: As a result of several significant client wins, we are looking for a Manager to join our market leading International Assignment Services Consulting team within our rapidly expanding Thames Valley practice. By joining our International Assignment Services team you will be involved in: Providing strategic consulting advice: Designing and implementing international assignment strategies and policies that align our client`s business objectives to their overall business strategy. Tax technical advice: Providing crossborder tax and social security advice to global organizations and their assignees on how their personal and corporate position is affected by the complexity of their international assignments. Overseeing the provision of expatriate compliance services  you wil Requirements for the role include; Professional Accounting / Tax qualification with UK expatriate tax (and preferably US) experience. Experience of working in an international assignment services team either within a boutique tax firm, accountancy firm or in house. Experience of building and maintaining relationship with clients and provide high levels of client service. Experience of managing the successful delivery of projects, ensuring technical excellence. The role will be client facing from day one and you will typically be expected to start building relationships with client HR and finance teams from a very early stage. You will be dealing with HR and finance managers as well as senior executives and employees. The IAS team in Reading has an impressive client base, including a mix of large and small inbound companies and UK listed/unlisted companies. Our clients operate in a wide range of industries, including Oil and Gas, Financial Services, Consumer Products, and Technology. Big 4 Chartered Accountants, who`s HRS group is probably the fastest growing amongst Big 4 in the region. Competitive package, including Big 4 benefits. Your application will be reviewed by Michael Page. Please be aware we receive a high volume of applications for every role advertised regularly receive applications from candidates who exceed the job credentials. We will only contact you within the next **** days if you are selected for interview. Where specific UK qualifications are required we will take into account overseas equivalents. Michael Page is a world leading recruitment consultancy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ManagerExpatriateTax_job****
