Title: Manager with progression
Full Description: An excellent opportunity has arisen within the North Devon region for a qualified ACA, ACCA accountant with a general practice background in the profession working with a leading, progressive and expanding firm of chartered accountants. The role has come about through a combination of organic growth, office expansion and acquisition. The firm is in a growth and development phase and the incoming individual will carve a key, pivotal role and position. You will be responsible for a full client portfolio up to the value of around ****k over time, managing the general practice services requirements for a mixed client base of sole traders, partnerships and limited companies. Turnovers and industries are varied with a focus on accounts, tax and general practice requirements. You will deve ACA or ACCA qualified, you will have a background working within small, medium or large, regional independent accountancy firm environment. Or, you will have a mixed background within larger Top 50/ Top 10 and independent firm background in your career. You will be seeking an opportunity with genuine career progression and development potential and be looking to manage your own portfolio, developing relationships and your client base. A leading North Devon firm of chartered accountants, undergoing continued positive growth and development across Devon and further afield. The firm has a wide spectrum of clients, across varied industries and turnover ranges, with an excellent reputation in added value, advisory services across several specialist niche fields, alongside the general practice, service offering. ****  **** dependent on experience, level and background. Your application will be reviewed by Michael Page. Please be aware we receive a high volume of applications for every role advertised regularly receive applications from candidates who exceed the job credentials. We will only contact you within the next 14 days if you are selected for interview. Where specific UK qualifications are required we will take into account overseas equivalents. Michael Page is a world leading recruitment consultancy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/Managerwithprogression_job****
