Title: Financial Analyst
Full Description: Broadstone Resourcing has been instructed to engage a search for a leading financial solutions organisation embarking on a period of growth and investment following its strategic acquisition by a leading US Listed corporation. The business has been acquired for what it has achieved and the new parent is keen to support the executive team expand their European footprint and develop new financial products. To support this growth they have identified the need to recruit a Financial Analyst to support the Finance Director to grow the business driven by a rigorous and commercial focussed finance team. Underpinning their financial solutions is leading technology and the business environment will appeal to a candidate keen to work in an innovative, fast moving and ambitious team. Based in their London offices you will report to the Finance Director and take ownership of learning the commercial drivers of the business and deliver strong and robust analysis backed by sound business judgement. To support your findings you must demonstrate influencing skills and be comfortable presenting to senior business leaders using fact based analysis. Key responsibilities will include: Providing Commercial Modelling and Pricing Analysis for key business decisions on a global and regional basis. Design and interpret key performance indicators to provide sound financial advice throughout the business. Provide budgeting and reforecasting information. Provide adhoc analysis to drive cost structure analysis Effectively communicate analysis with both senior executive and business unit leaders. Development of 1 direct report To be considered for this role you must be a fully qualified chartered accountant with leading academics. It is essential that you have excellent excel skills and demonstrate an interest in technology and financial services. To stand out you will need to demonstrate why working for an innovative and rapidly growing financial services / technology company appeals. Broadstone Resourcing Ltd acts as an Employment Agency and an Employment Business and all appointments will be made on merit alone. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/FinancialAnalyst_job****
