Title: Reporting Accountant
Full Description: Opportunity for an ACA qualified Reporting Accountant to join an international brand name in a progressive role. About You A Qualified Chartered Accountant (ACA) with experience of large consolidations and a proven track record within fast paced plc or blue chip organisations. You will be keen to join a FTSE business who continue to grow both organically and through acquisition which in turn means genuine career opportunities for driven and ambitious individuals. About The Role You will be involved in the collation and preparation of regional consolidated reports to be provided to:  Regional FD s and other regional stakeholders  The Group Accounting team to meet plc s group statutory obligations. You will also prepare accounts forecasts and budgets for submission to the Board, optimising team effectiveness and financial reporting excellence. You will take responsibility for the performance of the regional consolidation for the regions which have been selected to have a centrally managed consolidation within the Corporate centre. You will provide regionally consolidated information for internal reporting covering actual performance, budgets, forecasts and strategic plans. All of which includes frequent contact with senior finance managers at the subsidiary finance teams. You will produce key analytics on the performance of subsidiaries understanding the drivers behind movements in reported results to aid decision making. You will also support Regional Reporting Manager in first round preparation of commentary for monthly flash reporting, and quarterly management reporting. Things you should know Comprehensive blue chip benefits package Commutable from Addlestone, Aldershot, Alton, Ascot, Bagshot, Basingstoke, Bordon, Bracknell, Camberley, Chertsey, Cobham, Dorking, Egham, Epsom, Esher, Farnborough, Farnham, Fleet, Frimley, Godalming, Guildford, Hook, Kingston, Leatherhead, Lightwater, Reading, Slough, Staines, Sunbury, Walton, West Byfleet, Weybridge, Windlesham, Windsor, Woking, Wokingham, Yateley Howett Thorpe recruit for roles within accounts payable, credit control, payroll also covering accounts assistants, audit, management accounts, financial accounts, analysts, financial controllers, financial directors, corporate finance, tax including all part qualified and qualified vacancies. Howett Thorpe are acting as a recruitment agency in relation to this role and comply with all relevant UK legislation and do not discriminate on any protected characteristics. Due to the high volume of applications we currently receive, we are unable to respond to all candidates. If you do not hear from a Consultant within **** working days please assume that you have not been successful. Refer a friend If this job is not of interest to you, but you know a friend or colleague who may be interested, recommend them to us and receive a minimum of **** in vouchers if we assist them in securing a permanent role and a minimum of **** in vouchers if we place them in a temporary assignment. (Terms & conditions apply)
