Title: SO Accountant
Full Description: We are looking to recruit a temporary SO Accountant for our Public Sector client based in East Belfast. This will be a temporary role until July ****0****. Duties will include: Analysis of financial data; Production of monthly or quarterly management accounting information; Review of accounts for Arm s Length Bodies in accordance with Treasury and Department of Finance and Personnel guidance incorporating GAAP/IFRS; Development and review of financial IT systems (i.e. Account NI); Providing advice and guidance on the use and interpretation of financial information and accounting requirements and best practice; Management of the financial processing function; Examine accounting records, and report on the accuracy and completeness of books and records; Prepare draft briefings/ AQ /Correspondence; Ensure timely response of all financial exercises to FSD. ****. As pre job description including experience in the following specific areas which are related to the post; Temporary Workers must :  ****) have successfully passed the final professional examinations and be a full, current member of one of the bodies detailed below:, a. Chartered Accountants Ireland; b. The Institute of Chartered Accountants in Scotland; c. The Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales The Chartered Institute of Management Accountants; The Association of Chartered Certified Accountants; The Chartered Institute of Public Finance and Accountancy; d. The Institute of Certified Public Accountants in Ireland. 2) Have at least a total of 1 year s post qualification, experience, gained within the last 5 years, in any one of, or combination of, the following categories: a) preparing or auditing complete resource and/or accrual accounts and Management Accounts; b) preparing, managing and monitoring budgets and the allocation of resources including experience of producing monthly or quarterly management accounting information; c) developing, auditing or implementing large computerised financial systems; d) carrying out internal audits in the public sector or large private sector organisations. Applicants MUST also have a Basic Access NI clearance.
