Title: Audit Senior
Full Description: AUDIT SENIOR REQUIRED FOR STOKE ON TRENT BASED COMPANY Audit Senior Stoke on Trent Full Time Permanent ****k DOE Our client is one of the leading firms of Chartered Accountants in North Staffordshire and South Cheshire with a reputation for providing advice and support to a wide range of businesses and individuals. Due to continued success, they are looking to recruit an Audit Senior to join the team at their office in Stoke on Trent, close to Newcastle under Lyme, Stone, Crewe and Congleton. Working in a busy Chartered Accountants, the Audit Senior role will involve the preparation of Limited company accounts and conducting audits for a wide range of clients. The Audit Senior will be responsible for the preparation of management accounts, providing advice and support to our clients on a regular basis and preparation of budget forecasts and cash flows. The Audit Senior will assist in the preparation of business plans and work on specific projects in order to help clients increase profitability. The Audit Senior will have previous experience of working within a similar Audit Senior role, specifically with experience of audits and limited company accounts. Applicants for the Audit Senior role will be fully qualified or studying towards Chartered or Certified exams. A range of study support to suit the individual s needs will be provided if applicable. The Audit Senior role is an excellent opportunity to join a leading accountancy practice that places a real emphasis on staff training and career progression. Due to the expected high number of applicants for the Audit Senior role, we regret that it may not be possible to respond to all unsuccessful applications. For more information on the Audit Senior role, please contact Rob Hulse at Intro Personnel on **** **** or send your current CV to rob.hulseintropersonnel.co.uk For a full list of our current vacancies in Stoke On Trent, Newcastle Under Lyme, Staffordshire and Cheshire, please visit Intro Personnel s website at Intropersonnel.co.uk
