Title: Group Internal Auditor
Full Description: Internal Audit career moves don't come much stronger than this My client is a FTSE100 company based in central London. They have a wide ranging international remit with excellent opportunities to develop and progress. The Internal Audit function plays a key part in the finance team in London. This is an excellent opportunity to join a high profile team with a truly global remit. Internal Audit provides the directors of the PLC and divisional management of the Group assurance on the effectiveness and efficiency of internal control. . More recently the remit of the function has been expanded from a financial focus to include compliance and Good Manufacturing Practice (GMP). The Internal Audit function acts as the project office for the Groupwide SOX**** program. It is very much seen as a stepping stone towards a senior management position. This is a great opportunity to visit a number of our global business units and broaden experience and horizons. Main duties/responsibilities  Undertake internal financial control reviews of worldwide group operations.  To review the accuracy and quality of accounting records and ensure that the reported KPI’s are derived there from.  Determine whether systems are well controlled, secure and robust enough to cope with growth.  Prepare draft reports and discuss findings with the Group Internal Review Manager. Present findings to local management.  Monitor remediation of Internal Review and External Audit findings  Identify group wide areas for improvement and ensure consistency of application across the Group.  Be involved in the SOX **** evaluation of the effectiveness of internal controls over financial reporting  Assist with the preparation of documentation tabled at the Board Audit Committee Candidate Profile  Preferably a Chartered Accountant (or overseas equivalent)  Keen to travel – approximately 20 weeks per year (Greater than two weeks away only in exceptional circumstances)  Report Writing Skills  Knowledge of IFRS would be helpful  Knowledge of Sarbanes Oxley, and / or experience of controls testing would be beneficial This role would suit a candidate coming out of a larger practice firm, or a candidate that has already moved into industry If you would like to apply for the role of Group Internal Auditor or find out more, please apply online or contact Richard Boyd at Robert Walters on [contact details removed] or call  [contact details removed] quoting the reference ****
