Title: Insolvency & Recovery Senior Manager / Partner Designate
Full Description: Joining as a qualified JIEB licence holding practitioner, you will be based at the firms offices in Exeter. Dependent on your current level you will join at either Senior Manager level or initial salaried, partner designate, Associate level, with a view to progression to full partnership and equity on an agreed, negotiable timescale. The successful candidate will oversee the setting up and running of the receivership, administration and liquidations department, with the scope to recruit a team of professional staff to report to you and the wider partnership. To be considered, you will be operating at least at senior managerial level or currently a salaried or equity director/partner within your current firm. With extensive practical knowledge of insolvency and restructuring work as You will be a qualified JIEB licence holding practitioner, with extensive experience across both personal and corporate recovery. You will thrive on the challenge of developing a recoveryservice offeringwithin a highly successful firm of chartered accountants. A leading, regional independent firm of chartered accountants with a wide ranging client base across varied industries and turnover ranges. The firm has an excellent reputation across Devon, the South West and with clients across the UK and internationally. More detail will be discussed on initial confidential enquiry and application. The firmcontinues togrow organically and provides an excellent long term career option for the right professional Either on a salaried basis, from approximately ****  **** dependent on experience.Orwith a view to partner level and equity on agreed timescale  more detail on application Your application will be reviewed by Michael Page. Please be aware we receive a high volume of applications for every role advertised regularly receive applications from candidates who exceed the job credentials. We will only contact you within the next 14 days if you are selected for inter Where specific UK qualifications are required we will take into account overseas equivalents. Michael Page is a world leading recruitment consultancy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/InsolvencyRecoverySeniorManagerPartnerDesignate_job****
