Title: Business Partner
Full Description: Sellick Partnership has been engaged to recruit a permanent business partner for a large, billion euro turnover organisation based in Manchester. This fantastic opportunity has arisen through business growth, and is a great role for a challenging and commercial individual. The role Reporting directly to the FD in a standalone position, the purpose of this role will be to coordinate the branches across the North, and to provide a commercial insight into the business. You will be the vital link between the operation and financial departments. The key accountabilities will include:  Providing commercial, operational and trend analysis  Budgets and forecasting  Weekly Monthly reporting achievement of branch KPIs  Assisting with investment applications  Being involved in any new business/re tenders  Drafting Capital investment proposals  Including a good element of travel The person The successful applicant will be ACCA, CIMA qualified, or a Chartered Accountant with experience in the logistics, transport or distribution sector. This role requires a commercial, challenging and influential individual, who can build strong relationships and provide insightful information to drive the business forward. They should have strong analytical skills, and be able to interpret and communicate financial data. Advanced excel skills are essential; knowledge of SAP FI/CO would be desirable. If you consider yourself to be a committed, career driven professional who can demonstrate the above experience and who would welcome the stimulus of this operational post then we would be pleased to hear from you. If you would like to apply for this role or would like to find out more, please apply online or contact Jonathan Moss at Sellick Partnership on **** **** **** Sellick Partnership is a market leader in financial recruitment operating across the UK. Over the last ten years we have built up an enviable relationship with employers, and our expert team of consultants boast up to date market knowledge and a strong reputation making Sellick Partnership best placed to help you. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/BusinessPartner_job****
