Title: Commercial Analyst
Full Description: We are looking for a commercial analyst to work alongside a small team of designers and developers. As a new position you will be an integral part in evaluating the companies performance and making decision in order to maximize business. Key responsibilities will include:  Review and manipulate complex data and interpret, themes, patterns and trends.  Monitoring financial benefits from business decisions and actions taken  Developing methods to quickly understand key business drivers  Designing and developing key performance indicators  Supporting the management team to influence key decisions to maximise business performance. You will be a qualified accountant ready for your next challenge. We are looking for someone who is fast thinking, numerate and able to wade through the detail to get to the key messages. Review data for trend analysis, highlight key performance indicators and monitor business data with a view to proposing changes. Key skills needed:  Certified or chartered accountant (ACA, CIMA, ACCA)  Honours based degree from a top university  Strong excel skills, comfortable working with large amount of data  Ability to analyse financial data quickly A fast growing online company based in Central London. We`re a fun and friendly team working in a bright, open office. We have a kitchen with free tea and coffee, a bar stocked with beer, water and fizzy drinks, a lounge area for comfortable and relaxing meetings, music playing at all times, plenty of windows, and lots of natural light. It`s a great place to work and we`d love for you to join us ****  **** Your application will be reviewed by Michael Page. Please be aware we receive a high volume of applications for every role advertised regularly receive applications from candidates who exceed the job credentials. We will only contact you within the next 14 days if you are selected for interview. Where specific UK qualifications are required we will take into account overseas equivalents. Michael Page is a world leading recruitment consultancy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/CommercialAnalyst_job****
