Title: Finance Director
Full Description: Michael Page are proud to be partnered with George Pragnell Ltd of StratfordUponAvon, a well reputed high quality jewellers with a successful history stretching back nearly 60 years, in the search for a Finance Director to support their business. Reporting directly to the Managing Director this role will have a team of 15 across multiple sites and will require significant stakeholder management experience to develop and manage a professional and skilled team. A key focus of the role will be to produce and manage the production of financial and management information in addition to all administration aspects of the Company. The role of the Finance Director within the George Pragnell group of companies will have responsibility for all back office operations and provide full and professional support to the Managing Director and the Board. Other requirements will include yet are not limited to; Full P L, financial and management accounts creation and responsibility. Responsibility for the management of the finance team. Back office and managerial responsibility for IT, Systems, Finance, Stock and Marketing budgets. Potential Company Secretarial responsibilities as the post evolves. Responsibility for systems and management/financial reporting using the current Sage accounting system and will involve current operational review and recommendations for system evolution. Review of financial reports and accounting documents currently in use Responsibility for full liaison with audit partners. Administrative organisation of the Group Management team and of IT. Full board reporting responsibility. Commercial contract review. Full financial stewardship responsibilities. The role demands an experienced and commercially focused finance professional, and this would ideally be someone who qualified as a chartered accountant (ICAEW/CA/ACA) with a top tier public practice or a chartered management accountant (ACMA/CGMA) having qualified in a relevant business. Post qualified experience will manifest itself as coming from a larger scale organisation with exposure to multi site, retail or FMCG with exceptional management and relationship/stakeholder management skills. You will be able to articulate clearly your career and business successes and be able to relate them to the needs of the George Pragnell business and identify where you can add immediate value operationally and commercially. There will be a need to immerse yourself into the business in order to review the current operational practices and then able to advise on how to support the Board and leadership team in achieving the business goals. George Pragnell Limited is a long established privately owned high quality jewellers and have retail outlets in Stratford upon Avon, London, Leicester and Rugby and also operate a personal client service. With a pedigree stretching back to **** the name is synonymous with quality, value, exceptional service and advice and deal with not only the finest jewellery but also their customer s most momentous occasions. Having experienced recent and profitable growth, this is an exciting time to join an equally exciting business. Where specific UK qualifications are required we will take into account overseas equivalents. All third party applications will be forwarded to Michael Page. Ref Code: MPGW contact details removed Z
