Title: VAT Director
Full Description: The partners are flexible to look at a range of experienced professionals and very interested to talk with an individual at salaried Director, Partner Designate, Associate level looking for achallenging career move. Based in their Somerset offices, flexible on location across the region. Specific details can be discussed on initial phone/email enquiry but location can be genuinely flexible across the county. You will take a lead on VAT consultancy and support both internally and externally, dealing with a wide range of clients, providing services across the range of VAT advice. Some specific example areas will include land and property transactions, general business and trade sale and purchase agreements, dealing with Customs correspondence and disputes. You will also look to develop and lead the Internal training and development programme, overseeing the growth of the department and build a team across the firm to support you as referrals and client growth develops. You will act as a technical support specialist to the accounts teams and other discipline areas and advise on current thinking and developments. The role provides a superb opportunity for the right individual looking to develop and grow the specialist VAT services within a highly successful firm of chartered accountants. The firm has an excellent reputation and superb client base, offering varied VAT project work and significant scope for further development. For individuals looking to further their careers, genuine opportunities are on offer to progress towards potential full partnership and equity within a negotiable and agreed timescale Who we re looking for You will be a qualified ACA, ACCA qualified, operating at salaried Director, Associate or Partner Designate level within a medium/large independent firm of chartered accountants or larger, Top 50/ Top 10 or Top 4 environment. You will be an experienced VAT specialist and be looking to carve a pivotal role within a leading firm of chartered accountants. About our client A leading, large, regional independent firm of chartered accountants in Somerset. The firm has an excellent reputation and superb client base, offering varied VAT project work and significant scope for further development. For individuals looking to further their careers, genuine opportunities are on offer to progress towards potential partnership and equity. What s on offer ****  **** negotiable, dependent on experience.
