Title: Mixed Tax Manager with Progression
Full Description: You will join this highly successful firm of chartered accountants, based in Trowbridge as a Tax manager, responsible for driving the development of tax services across both personal and corporate tax. You will be the firms tax expert, overseeing the provision of personal and corporate tax services, across both compliance and identifying planning and advisory opportunities for a wide range of clients. Clients are varied across individuals, directors, OMBs and limited companies of varying size and industry sector, with varying complexity and differing requirements. You will develop the client base, relationships and look to grow the department and client base in a role offering genuine career progression potential and long term development.  You will be operating at Assistant Tax Manager, Tax Manager, or Senior tax Manager level within your current firm, with a mixed background within taxation, across both personal and corporate tax.  You will be ATT and/or CTA qualified with a background in small. medium, large independent accountancy practice environment, or within a larger firm background, Top 50 or Top 10 looking to develop your career in smaller firm environment with greater responsibility, autonomy and career progression potential. A highly successful and growing firm of chartered accountants, based in Trowbridge, set to continue expansion. Circa ****  **** negotiable, dependent on experience plus benefits. Your application will be reviewed by Michael Page. Please be aware we receive a high volume of applications for every role advertised regularly receive applications from candidates who exceed the job credentials. We will only contact you within the next 14 days if you are selected for interview. Where specific UK qualifications are required we will take into account overseas equivalents. Michael Page is a world leading recruitment consultancy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/MixedTaxManagerwithProgression_job****
