Title: Associate Director  Top 5 Accountancy Firm
Full Description: This top 5 international firm of Chartered Accountants and Business Advisors is looking to attract an Associate Director who will be a key figure within their expanding Business Services department. Having seen recent growth of more than 10% on last year, this is a great time to join the business in a varied and exciting role. The Sheffield office is an important location for the firm and offers a full range of accounting and advisory services to clients of all sizes across Yorkshire and the Midlands. Responsibilities: Joining a unique and rapidly expanding team you will be responsible for a mixed portfolio of predominantly SME businesses, partnering with them to advise on accounting issues, help manage change and assist their growth and development. Working closely with the Director and leading a team of 10, you will: • Act as a key contact for clients on a day to day basis. • Be a true business advisor to clients, seeking opportunities to add value. • Signatory on statutory accounts. • Undertake adhoc advisory projects. • Coach and develop the team, ensuring their work is completed to the highest standard • Be proactive in winning new clients and maintaining an effective business network. The Person: • Qualified ACA, CA or ACCA • An experienced Senior Manager, ideally in a business services or similar role in accountancy practice • Able to obtain a practicing certificate and ‘RI’ (Responsible Individual) status • A leader and motivator who can manage and develop staff My client looks for people who understand business, are inquisitive and want the best for the firm and their clients. Proactive, approachable and professional, you will be adaptable to different situations and seize opportunities as they arise. In return, you will receive support and professional development from an exceptional leadership team and enjoy excellent career prospects with one of the world’s largest professional advisory firms. Candidates must be eligible to work in the UK full time without restriction. To apply please send your CV to Dan Statham at the email address stated, quoting our reference and specifying which website you saw this position advertised on. Due to the high volume of applications we receive it is not always possible to respond to unsuccessful applicants. Therefore if we have not responded to your application within seven days please note that on this occasion your application has not been successful.
