Title: Accounts Senior
Full Description: Joining as an accounts senior or accounts assistant, based in the firms offices in Burnham on Sea, Somerset you will be responsible for the preparation of accounts, tax and provision of general accountancy practice services to a mixed client base of sole traders, partnerships and limited companies. Clients are varied across industry and turnover from small sole traders to SMEs, OMBS and mutli million turnover corporate ltd companies. The role has arisen through a combination of growth and internal changes and presents a superb opportunity for a career focused accounting professional, looking to advance their career as there will be prospects for progression and development in this highly successful firm of accountants. You have will ****  3 years (or more) experience gained within accountancy practice as an Accounts Assistant or Accounts Senior, preparing accounts and responsible for the provision of general accountancy practice services to sole traders, partnerships and limited companies AAT studying, AAT qualified, studying ACCA, or alternatively experience only within accountancy practice will equally be of interest You will be looking to progress and develop your career within accountancy practice, in a highly successful firm of chartered accountants. Where specific UK qualifications are required we will take into account overseas equivalents. Based in Burnham on Sea, this highly successful firm of chartered accountants has an excellent reputation with clients across Somerset, Devon, Bristol and further afield. The firm services a wide spectrum of clients, across varied industries and turnover range. The firm has a culture of supporting staff development and progression, skill development and long term opportunity for advancement are on offer for career focused individuals looking to develop their careers ****  **** dependent on level of experience and background Your application will be reviewed by Page Personnel. Please be aware we receive a high volume of applications for every role advertised regularly receive applications from candidates who exceed the job credentials. We will only contact you within the next 14 days if you are selected for interview. Page Personnel is a leading UK recruitment consultancy This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/AccountsSenior_job****
