Title: Vice President  Structured Capital Markets
Full Description: The Structured Capital Markets (SCM) business structures transactions using a wide range of complex products across large range of legal entities. It has the mandate to structure and execute transactions which involve tax risk for either the business or its clients. SCM finance provides a wide range of accounting services to support and control the business. The business is challenging and offers the opportunity to interact with many business areas within the Group. The team provide product and financial control expertise to support the business in a controlled environment. This involves reporting and controlling profit and loss and balance sheet positions and related disclosures. The team is also responsible for preparing statutory accounts for a large number of diverse entities, as well as other management information. Main Function The finance group is an experienced team who support the business by providing a full front to back service of finance functions. Therefore the role encompasses control of products to the general ledger, both in terms of P&L and balance sheet. Additionally it requires an appreciation of the financial reporting requirements. General responsibilities include: Maintaining and improving processes to ensure accurate financial, management, regulatory and tax reporting for each deal. Managing the relationship with the Front Office and providing a value added service. Ability to understand complex deals and structures in order to provide on going financial information on entities and structures to the deal execution team and company directors. Ability to control risk and deal reporting through the use of trading and settlement systems. Main Duties Manage the team performance and ensure team is motivated and perform at a high level consistently. Oversee daily P&L production process and month end close performed by the team. Regularly interact with the trading desk on various issues. Liaise with various departments and other Finance areas on various issues (eg IVC, Operations, Regulatory, Risk, TAG, Technology). Review and support the New Product Sign Off (NPSO) process. Manage the implementation of new infrastructure to support new trading activities. Act as a subject matter expert on both finance related projects and firm wide initiatives. Contribute and assist on developing presentations to senior management. Person Requirements Qualification / Education Required Qualified chartered accountant Experience Required Experience of working in a finance department within a banking environment, preferably within a product control team. Solid accounting knowledge of financial products and a good working knowledge of MS Excel and MS Word. A good working knowledge of Total Return Swaps, Futures, Options, Repo's and Stock Lending and Corporate Actions. A good technical understanding of accounting concepts in accordance with IFRS, particularly with respect to financial instruments. Prior experience managing a team as well as projects. Skills/Aptitude required A good communicator with the confidence to deal with front office and senior management on complex issues. Enthusiastic, team player. Demonstrate the ability to prioritise and resolve comples issues on a timely basis. Strong controls focus. Ability to deal with competing demands, multitask and prioritise. Demonstration of delivering top quality service to clients and adding extra value.
