Title: Business Services Director
Full Description: This Director level role based in Bath, has arisen through positive long term strategy planning looking to attract the right, high level practice professional to join the business in this pivotal role, key to the firm`s future expansion and growth. Alongside overseeing the efficient and profitable delivery of accounting and advisory services to these clients there will be a development focus to the role also, developing existing client relationships and looking to further the growth of the firm with new clients. Based in the firms Bath office you will look to manage the successful delivery of all accounting and support services to the client base, overseeing a highly capable team of varying levels and experience, developing the team through your strong people management skills. You will  ACA or ACCA qualified you will be operating either at existing salaried associate/partner/director level within your current firm, or a career focused ambitious senior manager, looking to step up into an overall director level role.  Your experience will be focused across dealing with clients across the range in size from small sole traders to larger corporate concerns, ideally with some exposure to tax, although any mix of skills across audit, account, tax etc can be considered from any of small, medium or large firm environment.  Your people management, communication skills and business development skills and focus will be key elements. A leading firm of chartered accountants based in Bath. Clients are varied to include regionally based, OMB`s SME`s and entrepreneurial start ups with turnovers up to the ****15 million with some larger clients and a good proportion of private clients with the associated added value advisory work. ****  **** plus benefits Your application will be reviewed by Michael Page. Please be aware we receive a high volume of applications for every role advertised regularly receive applications from candidates who exceed the job credentials. We will only contact you within the next 14 days if you are selected for interview. Where specific UK qualifications are required we will take into account overseas equivalents. Michael Page is a world leading recruitment consultancy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/BusinessServicesDirector_job****
