Title: Financial Controller
Full Description: Financial Controller Reporting to: Finance Director Package: ****k  ****k Location: Birmingham A New Energy Supplier based in the Midlands, supplying gas and Electricity across the UK, with the foundations of a unique, high margin sales channel, are looking for a Financial Controller who is keen to make a difference at an early stage and relish the challenge of growing a company into the next big player in the utilities market. Description The Financial Controller will be reporting to the Finance Director and will take responsibility for a wide range of financerelated activities including; Administration of all financial accounting relating to the cash flow, balance sheets and P L of both group and project SPV's. Provide both financial and commercial advice to the senior management team and play an active role in the strategic growth and direction of the business. ensure that the company's settlements liability is reflected accurately Utilise all relevant data in predicting supply commitments for the business's energy purchase strategy. Implementation of effective tax structuring and tax planning strategies. Management of invoicing systems and process. Implementation of tax compliance Assess the impact of energy data variances / inaccuracies on business functions and identify solutions where appropriate Demonstrate the financial implication of all factors affecting energy usage and price. Deliver strong analytical and spreadsheet modelling skills. Energy sector experience, especially previous experience in a demand forecasting role would be an advantage. In order to be considered for this role, applicants will be a motivated, tenacious and dynamic Chartered Accountant with experience gained within the Energy sector. The successful candidate will have a demonstrable track record of career progression as well as proven experience of full P L and cash flow administration, funds management and FSArelated requirements. Knowledge of SPV's is also desirable. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/FinancialController_job****
