Title: Client Manager
Full Description: The firm and partners are looking to consider a range of background and experience, with the potential to mould the role to some degree around the right individuals experience, motivations and level. Based at the firms Plymouth offices, you may be joining at Client Managerial level, or at Senior level, with progression to client Manager dependent on your experience and where you are in your career currently. You will take responsibility for a wide range of clients, across varied industries, sectors and turnovers, in a hands on and managerial capacity, overseeing the provision of general accountancy practice services to these clients, across accounts, tax, other services and potentially audit, dependant on your background, experience and motivations. You will gain increasing client responsi  You will have a background gained within accountancy practice and given the flexible nature of the role, being able to mould the position around the right individuals background and experience you may have experience either dealing entirely with smaller clients, providing accounts, tax and general practice services or you may have a background with audit also, with larger client experience. The partners can mould the portfolio dependent on the experience and strengths of the individual joining them.  You may be ACCA, ACA qualified or suitably qualified by experience operating as an existing client manager or you may have several years experience in practice, currently at Senior level and looking to progress and develop your Our client is a leading firm of chartered accountants with offices in Plymouth. They act for a wide range of clients across varied industries and sectors across Devon and further afield. **** negotiable, dependent on experience and background. Your application will be reviewed by Michael Page. Please be aware we receive a high volume of applications for every role advertised regularly receive applications from candidates who exceed the job credentials. We will only contact you within the next 14 days if you are selected for interview. Where specific UK qualifications are required we will take into account overseas equivalents. Michael Page is a world leading recruitment consultancy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ClientManager_job****
