Title: Landed Estates Accounts Manager with Progression
Full Description: Joining as a landed estates client manager, based in Bristol, you will take responsibility for the provision of quality services to a portfolio of landed estate clients, across accounts, tax, trusts, VAT services, liaising with clients, reviewing accounts work, setting budgets, allocating resources, planning, billing and overseeing the provision of tax, trusts and landed estates taxation services, including VAT. A key element of the role will be focused on developing relationships with the existing client base, look to further the growth of the department through involvement with proposals, marketing and networking. You will manage a team of professionals providing support and oversee their professional development. The partners and directors are seeking an individual looking to progress a ACA or ACCA qualified. The ideal candidate will have some working knowledge of accounting standards, specific to farming, landed estates and associated high net worth private clients. You may be a specialist dealing in this sector from Top 50 or Top 10/4 firm environment, seeking a role with genuine progression prospects beyond management. Alternatively, you may have a background with regional, independent accountancy practice environment with a more mixed portfolio, including farming clients and/or high net worth individuals managing the provision of their accounting affairs. Ideally knowledge of Trusts and Landed Estate Taxation including VAT. Operating at Managerial or Senior Managerial level within a firm of chartered accountan A leading firm of chartered accountants, based in Bristol providing prospects for long term career progression and development. ****  **** plus benefits, negotiable Your application will be reviewed by Michael Page. Please be aware we receive a high volume of applications for every role advertised regularly receive applications from candidates who exceed the job credentials. We will only contact you within the next 14 days if you are selected for interview. Where specific UK qualifications are required we will take into account overseas equivalents. Michael Page is a world leading recruitment consultancy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/LandedEstatesAccountsManagerwithProgression_job****
