Title: Chartered Accountant
Full Description: About Ross Boyd Limited Ross Boyd Limited is a rapidly growing advisory focussed Chartered Accountancy practice with offices in London and Belfast. The firm is a boutique practice focussed on offering bespoke services to corporate clients across the UK and Ireland. The firm’s clients include some of the largest businesses in the UK and Ireland. These services typically include business analysis, business modelling, systems development, corporate finance, strategy and transaction support in a range of sectors. The firm also provides a range of complimentary accounting and taxation services. Further information about the firm is available at www.rossboyd.co.uk . The Role Based in our Belfast delivery team servicing national clients, we are seeking a top calibre qualified Chartered Accountant to support our senior delivery team. This is a wide ranging and challenging role involving everything from management consultancy and accountancy to complex data processing and corporate finance. Typically the role will include: Wide range of accounts preparation and assurance assignments; Design and production of management accounts / performance reports; Tax computations and compliance for corporations and individuals plus dealing with HMRC returns and enquiries; Data / financial analysis and financial modelling / forecasting; Financial management, data processing and systems development; and Preparation of correspondence, plans, reports and presentations. The package (which will include a bonus element) will be dependent on experience and will be highly competitive. The Person You will be a Chartered Accountant with an excellent academic record who is comfortable with complex spreadsheets, systems and mathematics. You must be able to demonstrate significant experience of a wide range of financial and management accounting including accounts preparation and assurance assignments. Experience of personal and/or corporate taxation is desirable. Experience of developing financial forecasts is desirable. Ideally you will have some advisory accounting and/or consulting experience, however it is essential that you are keen to learn and develop these business skills. You will enjoy working in a vibrant and fast moving business where all team members are expected to go the extra mile to deliver excellent service for clients. Candidates who can demonstrate a flair for commercial acumen will be favoured. You should be an excellent communicator with good interpersonal skills and be willing to travel. This is considered a unique role with the potential for the successful candidate to gain considerable advisory experience and rapid career development. Interested? If you are interested in this role please send your CV using the Apply Button below. We expect to interview shortlisted candidates on Monday 11 February 2013. We reserve the right to cancel this recruitment at any time and not to recruit.
