Title: Staff Officer Accountant
Full Description: We are currently recruiting for a Staff Officer Accountant for our Client based in Belfast from 25 February ****3 to 31 May 2013 Financial Operational processes  Ongoing Carry out 20% check of all forms received from departments, to events input to RAM. Review Branch procedures to ensure uptodate and accurate. Review Branch statistics for accuracy and submit quarterly to Service Management. Provide departments with direction on recording of Fixed Assets in line with FReM and IFRS guidance. Provide departments with Fixed Asset and reserves schedules including backup documentation in relation to ANI workaround in line with year end timetable. Answer departmental queries in respect of reserves or RAM reconciliations. Communicate updates or changes in procedures to all departments on a timely basis. Ensure indices applied to RAM have been agreed with departments and complete ****% check of indices applied to RAM against source data. Provide ongoing guidance to staff and improve staff knowledge and skills. Review FReM or other Treasury guidance to identify changes that need to be considered and implemented in respect of the ANI Fixed Asset solution. Assist Internal External Audit as required. Implement Audit recommendations. Ensure Fixed Asset and reserves balances on GL reconcile to RAM for departments migrating to ANI. Provide assistance to migrating departments in respect of mapping across to the ANI solution. Contribute towards timetables for upgrade and departmental migration as appropriate. Financial Operational processes Month End Monitor events to ensure all forms received have been processed and all journals posted by cop T5. Check 20% of all journals posted. If any issues identified arrange for appropriate staff to amend as required. 100% review of monthly RAM to GL reconciliations and issue to departments by T**** Ensure monthly signoff for RAM to GL reconciliations by T20. Fixed Asset Accounting System (Real Asset Management RAM) 100% review of recorded results in respect of revaluation / indexation test scripts to ensure both system upgrades and organisations migrating to RAM are as expected. 100 % review of RAM issue resolutions in respect of revaluation / indexation and implement if appropriate. Communicate with RAM through BT expected RAM requirements for revaluation / indexation postings to GL. Develop and sound knowledge of RAM configuration including journal configuration to ensure solutions can be implemented as necessary. Develop RAM user report to produce adhoc reports if required. Experience (a) The ability to demonstrate competency in the use of a computerised accounting system, spreadsheets and financial reporting tools; (b) The ability to demonstrate competency in the preparation/interpretation of financial management of management information and budget reports; (c) The ability to demonstrate an understanding of financial management and budgetary control in the public sector. This includes an understanding of resource accounting and budgeting; (d) Good communication skills including the ability to lead, manage and influence colleagues; (e) The ability to plan ahead, identify solutions to problems, quantify resource requirements and meet deadlines; A high degree of motivation and personal effectiveness. The suitable candidate must be a qualified accountant having successfully completed the professional examinations in one of the following bodies: The Institute of Chartered Accountants in Ireland; The Institute of Chartered Accountants of Scotland; The Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales; The Association of Chartered Certified Accountants; The Chartered Institute of Management Accountants; The Chartered Institute of Public Finance and Accountancy; or The Institute of Certified of Public Accountants in Ireland. Applicant MUST have Basic Access NI prior to applying
