Title: Insurance  Financial Accountant
Full Description: Insurance  Financial Accountant A London Market Insurer is currently looking to recruit for a qualified Senior Financial Accountant to join its business. As the Financial Accountant you will be responsible for maintaining the financial records of the Syndicates and related companies in accordance with GAAP and accounting under Solvency II for various entities. Reporting to the Financial Controller the successful individual will be a qualified accountant (Chartered Accountant, ACCA, CIMA) with strong financial reporting experience within the Insurance industry. This is an excellent opportunity to get into the London Market and progress your career within the lucrative Lloyds Syndicates. Job Responsibilities:  Responsible for the quarterly accounting close of the Syndicate  Responsible for reconciliations of balance sheet accounts  Helping Senior US GAAP Accountant with variance analysis and segmental analysis.  Helping FC and FD identify system, interface and process improvements in advance of implementation of Solvency II reporting.  Control various close processes spread out through the teams will be consolidated under one person who has a clear understanding of the systems and processes and the business performance.  Prepare and review the quarterly management reporting information and legal entity reports and variance analysis in order to provide quantitative and qualitative analysis to Insurance Segment Management and Corporate Finance team.  Communication with the local Underwriters assisting their understanding of results.  Prepare and review of audit files and supportive workings for interim and full year statutory audit reviews provided to the External and Internal Auditors.  This role might be seen as a potential stepping stone to a FC type role. Personal Specification:  GoodUniversitydegree in any discipline  ACA/ACCA/CIMA qualified  Experience in insurance industry  Experience of reconciliations required  Experience of large accounting systems e.g. PeopleSoft, Oracle preferred
