Title: Group Financial Accountant
Full Description: Opportunity for an ACA qualified Group Reporting Accountant to join an international brand name in a progressive role. About You You will be a Qualified Chartered Accountant (ACA) ideally Big 4 trained with experience of large consolidations and accounting under IFRS. You should be accurate and hard working with the ability to work with minimal supervision and be energetic and ambitious to progress your career within a thriving organisation. About The Role You will be involved in the collation and preparation of reports to meet statutory and management obligations. You will play a key role in the preparation of the groups interim and annual accounts and for the consolidation of monthly flash budget and quarterly forecast submissions across the group for presentation to the board. In addition you will be involved in a range of project work including analysis and benchmarking and post acquisition integrations. Things you should know Comprehensive blue chip benefits package Commutable from Addlestone, Aldershot, Alton, Ascot, Bagshot, Basingstoke, Bordon, Bracknell, Camberley, Chertsey, Cobham, Dorking, Egham, Epsom, Esher, Farnborough, Farnham, Fleet, Frimley, Godalming, Guildford, Hook, Lightwater, Reading, Slough, Staines, Sunbury, Walton, West Byfleet, Weybridge, Windlesham, Windsor, Woking, Wokingham, Yateley Howett Thorpe recruit for roles within accounts payable, credit control, payroll also covering accounts assistants, audit, management accounts, financial accounts, analysts, financial controllers, financial directors, corporate finance, tax including all part qualified and qualified vacancies. Howett Thorpe are acting as a recruitment agency in relation to this role and comply with all relevant UK legislation and do not discriminate on any protected characteristics. Due to the high volume of applications we currently receive, we are unable to respond to all candidates. If you do not hear from a Consultant within **** working days please assume that you have not been successful. Refer a friend If this job is not of interest to you, but you know a friend or colleague who may be interested, recommend them to us and receive a minimum of **** in vouchers if we assist them in securing a permanent role and a minimum of **** in vouchers if we place them in a temporary assignment. (Terms & conditions apply)
