Title: Tax Manager  Business Tax Advisory
Full Description: The team help large corporate groups in a number of areas with projects including:  Advisory projects with groups in relation including: intellectual property planning (inc R D), tax efficient financing, all aspects of treasury management and domestic planning.  All aspects of tax accounting under UK GAAP, US GAAP and IFRS.  Delivering large corporate tax compliance solutions to clients in an international context.  Managing the relationship with HMRC and other tax authorities.  We work closely with colleagues specialising in transfer pricing and transaction tax to deliver a holistic service to our clients. Job purpose To join a team of dedicated professionals working with and adding value to corporate tax clients. Your client Skills/Experience Relevant/appropriate tax experience  we can only consider candidates with UK Corporate Tax experience for this role. Strong technical skills and keen to develop further Ability to build strong client relationships Excellent communicator in range of situations both written and oral Ability to identify areas of risk, carry out an effective review and know when to refer upwards Client focused and commercially aware Relationship management skills with ability to manage client expectations Team player with ability to build effective relationships at all levels Project management skills, plan and prioritize work, meet deadlines, monitor own budget Ability to solve problems creatively Big 4 Chartered Accountants. Big 4 salary benefits package. Your application will be reviewed by Michael Page. Please be aware we receive a high volume of applications for every role advertised regularly receive applications from candidates who exceed the job credentials. We will only contact you within the next 14 days if you are selected for interview. Where specific UK qualifications are required we will take into account overseas equivalents. Michael Page is a world leading recruitment consultancy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/TaxManagerBusinessTaxAdvisory_job****
