Title: Client Account Manager
Full Description: Our client is a firm of Chartered Accountants based in Cardiff who are looking for an experienced qualified Accountant to join their expanding Accounts Team. The successful candidate will be ACA/ACCA Qualified and will have experience working within an Accountancy Practice. General Duties: ?Provide an excellent service to a small portfolio of Clients. ?Management of a Client portfolio ensuring expected standards of compliancy and service are maintained at all levels. ?Answering Client Queries. ?Attendance at/Conducting of Client Meetings/Preparation of meeting minutes and ensuring related tasks are completed. ?Ensure Client Accounts are prepared in line with HMRC and Companies House guidelines. ?Production of Management, Annual Accounts & Corporation Tax returns. ?Ensuring Accounts meet both external and internal deadlines. ?Billing for services and ensuring time management systems are applied to ensure profitability. ?Setting budgets and analysing of time required to set future fees to ensure profitability. ?Production and submission of Personal Tax returns. ?Dealing with Client Complaints. ?Implementing Business Development strategies. ?Reporting/Liaising with Director, Senior Client Managers, Finance/Admin Supervisor and Human Resource Manager. ?Reviewing work for Senior Client Managers reporting observations and ensuring they are ready for client meetings ?Reviewing accounts prepared by ATs to ensure maintenance of professional standards and identifying opportunities for Business Development and Tax Mitigation. ? Identifying team training needs and addressing either individually, at group level or with Senior management team as appropriate. ?Collection/Delivery of records to clients premises ? Attendance of offsite meetings, courses and events as required ?Over seeing Book keeping in relation to client portfolio, ensuring billing and time systems are applied to ensure profitability. ?Liaising with Payroll Manager to ensure services are provided, billed and standards are maintained. ?Liaising with Finance department to ensure invoices are issued and fee payments arrangements are in place. Reviewing client fees balance prior to job commencement. ?Ensuring Client Accounts are prepared in line with HMRC and Companies House guidelines. ?Attending relevant training courses.
