Title: Assistant Tax Advisor
Full Description: Assistant Tax Advisor  Top 10 Accountancy Firm  Sheffield  ****k  benefits. This is a key role in a small but highly reputable tax team at a National top 10 firm of chartered accountants. You will be acting as primary support for the lead Tax Advisor, with key duties including:  Corporate tax compliance for a portfolio of clients, including limited companies, charities and partnerships.  Tax returns and complex calculations, and submissions to HMRC.  Assisting with corporate tax advisory and planning projects.  Liaison with clients, HMRC and internal departments.  Advising clients on key changes to tax legislation.  Adhoc duties and project work. This is a great opportunity to build on existing tax compliance experience and develop into a full tax advisor in a couple of years. My client is looking for someone who can demonstrate the following:  Experience of preparing corporate tax returns with an accountancy practice.  Good level of technical tax knowledge.  Understanding of broader accounting issues facing small businesses.  Ability to communicate effectively with a wide variety of people.  Ideally AAT or ATT qualified. Applications will also be considered from nonspecialists with a significant amount of corporation tax experience gained in a general practice role. Study support for the Chartered Tax Advisor (CTA) qualification is also available, and encouraged. Candidates must be eligible to work in the UK full time without restriction. To apply please send your CV to Dan Statham at the email address stated, quoting our reference and specifying which website you saw this position advertised on. Due to the high volume of applications we receive it is not always possible to respond to unsuccessful applicants. Therefore if we have not responded to your application within seven days please note that on this occasion your application has not been successful. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/AssistantTaxAdvisor_job****
