Title: Corporate Tax Senior / Assistant Manager
Full Description: Joining as a Corporate Tax Senior, with genuine potential to progress to assistant manager level within 6 months or more, you will be based in the firms Taunton offices. In this challenging role you will have a 50/50 split between compliance and advisory responsibilities, working closely with partners and senior managers on a wide range of UK based OMBs. You will also have scope for international client exposure, working with experts in this area also. Approximately half of your role will be focused on corporate tax compliance, reviewing returns from the accounts departments and R D claims compliance. The other half of your role will focus on advisory projects across a wide range of areas, working closely with partners across the firm. Specific projects will cover areas such as corp CTA qualified You will be either newly CTA qualified, or with anything from 1  several years post qualified experience, with a strong background in corporate tax, ideally with both compliance and advisory skills and experience to date. You will be at Corporate Tax Senior or Corporate Tax Advisor level, with a background in any of, medium/large independent accountancy practice environment, Top 50, Top 10 or Top 4 firm background. You will be looking to progress and develop your corporate tax career in a challenging role, within a leading firm of chartered accountants. The PQE identified on this advertisement is a guide only and does not preclude applications from those with more or less PQE. A leading, highly successful and growing firm of chartered accountants. With partners across several offices, the Taunton operations has an excellent reputation with small, medium and large OMBs and limited companies across Somerset, the South West and further afield. As well as providing compliance and advisory services to these clients, the firm also has international links and clients based globally providing tax advice to overseas companies. Due to continued growth and positive developments across the firm, excellent prospects for career progression and development are on offer for careerfocused individuals looking to further their tax career. ****  **** plus benefits, dependent on experience and background Your application will be reviewed by Michael Page. Please be aware we receive a high volume of applications for every role advertised regularly receive applications from candidates who exceed the job credentials. We will only contact you within the next 14 days if you are selected for interview. Where specific UK qualifications are required we will take into account overseas equivalents. Michael Page is a world leading recruitment consultancy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/CorporateTaxSeniorAssistantManager_job****
