Title: Audit & Accounts Senior
Full Description: A well rounded individual is sought for a varied and balanced audit/accounts senior role at an independent firm of accountants in Manchester. My client are a medium sized practice in a great central location with an excellent reputation for longstanding service delivery. The medium sized team is made up of Qualified and Part Qualified staff, under the direction of two experienced Partners. The team prides itself on a friendly working environment, with an open plan office and an open door environment. The role will be a split between office and client based, and will include a varied portfolio of clients (from electrical retailers through to property and construction), for which you will be responsible for all elements of accounts prep/ management accounts/ audit and advisory work. The ideal candidate will be a recently Qualified individual who is looking to broaden their experience with a larger client base. However, my client are happy to consider candidates from a nonQualified or Part Qualified background as long as the skillset is right (although this is not a training practice). You will have a presentable appearance and a friendly demeanour, with recent experience of audit and accounts preparation. The PQE identified on this advertisement is a guide only and does not preclude applications from those with more or less PQE. My client is an Independent firm of Chartered Accountants in Manchester My client are offering an excellent all round package, including a basic salary of **** Your application will be reviewed by Michael Page. Please be aware we receive a high volume of applications for every role advertised regularly receive applications from candidates who exceed the job credentials. We will only contact you within the next 14 days if you are selected for interview. Where specific UK qualifications are required we will take into account overseas equivalents. Michael Page is a world leading recruitment consultancy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/AuditAccountsSenior_job****
