Title: Finance Manager
Full Description: We are seeking to appoint an enthusiastic and efficient School Finance Manager to take professional leadership of the operations of the Academy rsquo;s accounting function and to ensure that the Academy rsquo;s financial controls are followed. The post holder will take responsibility for overseeing the preparation of financial accounts for the Financial Director, help to secure investment, oversee effective and efficient procurement and influence the senior staff within the Academy to apply good finance and planning practice. The ideal candidate will have a methodical approach to work and strong numeracy and analysis skills, as well as excellent organisational, communication, negotiation and customer relations skills. You will be required to demonstrate a good use of initiative, work accurately and have the ability to work under pressure and develop effective processes. The work requires the ability to present financial information to nonfinance experts as well as the management of a small team. This is an exciting opportunity for someone with detailed knowledge of financial and accounting procedures, and the skills to manage the implementation of these and to utilise related ICT software fully. It is important that we appoint someone who enjoys working for the benefit of young people. Applicants must hold an Associate Chartered Accountant Qualification and experience of the Corero Financial Package would be desirable. nbsp; For further information and an application form please visit www.miltonkeynesacademy.co.uk or email us at careersmiltonkeynesacademy.co.uk Closing Date: Monday 28 January 2013 Interviews: To be arranged following the closing date The Milton Keynes Academy is sponsored by Edge. nbsp; Edge is a notforprofit organisation that promotes practical and vocational learning. To find out more about Edge visit www.edge.co.uk Milton Keynes Academy is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children and the successful applicant will be subject to an enhanced disclosure through the Criminal Records Bureau. nbsp; nbsp; nbsp;
