Title: ACA Finance Manager  Energy / Consultancy
Full Description: My client, an International Energy Consultancy business is recruiting for the position of Finance Manager. This company has been through a period of rapid growth and wishes to continue on its current path through a combination of organic and focused acquisitive growth. In order to achieve this the business needs a sound financial platform and robust internal processes. Accordingly the CFO requires a deputy to drive through change, manage the daytoday finance processes and provide support on varied adhoc issues. This role will also be key to the successful integration of businesses acquired in the future. Also key to this role will be the mentoring and development of the overseas finance team. This is a complex, handson role for a qualified accountant in a dynamic finance department. The individual will have responsibility for the management of the day to day financial accounting processes and routine deadlines for **** legal entities in multiple jurisdictions, providing support on adhoc finance issues and identifying and delivering finance department improvements, many of them remotely. This role will suit a motivated and Practice trained Chartered Accountant (ACA) who has progressed their career within a dynamic commercial organisation. Further criteria include;  Qualified accountant (ACA) with a minimum of 2 years post qualification experience  Handson experience of managing a finance department on a day to day basis  Strong academic record  Strong written and confident communication skills  Strong technical accounting skills including UK GAAP  Highly numeric/strong analytical and problemsolving skills  Drive to continually improve systems and processes  Ability to work well under pressure, working accurately with attention to detail, and meeting deadlines  Ability to be flexible You will now be looking for a broader role in an expanding and exciting organisation in which you will take on increasing levels of responsibility. This is an excellent opportunity for a career focused and intelligent individual to join this exciting business.Hays Specialist Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T C's, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found at N/A .uk
