Title: Tax Advisor  Business Tax Advisory
Full Description: To join a team of dedicated professionals working with and adding value to corporate tax clients. The team help large corporate groups in a number of areas with projects including: Advisory projects with groups in relation including: intellectual property planning (inc R D), tax efficient financing, all aspects of treasury management and domestic planning. All aspects of tax accounting under UK GAAP, US GAAP and IFRS. Delivering large corporate tax compliance solutions to clients in an international context. Managing the relationship with HMRC and other tax authorities. We work closely with colleagues specialising in transfer pricing and transaction tax to deliver a holistic service to our clients. Your client responsibilities. Build and maintain tax relationships with clients and provide high levels of client service Build relationships both within the firm and externally with clients, identifying opportunities and managing expectations Contribute to winning new work by proactively managing existing clients and contribute to winning new clients. Manage the successful delivery of tax projects, ensuring technical excellence and practical/business driven approach taken Responsible for daytoday delivery of client liaison Key member of one of the client service groups providing full tax services to a client portfolio. Your people responsibilities. Team player; ability to integrate with new teams quickly Outgoing with good relationship skills and the ability to deliver quality output Who we re looking for Relevant/appropriate tax experience  we can only consider candidates with UK Corporate Tax experience for this role. Strong technical skills and keen to develop further Ability to build strong client relationships Excellent communicator in range of situations both written and oral Ability to identify areas of risk, carry out an effective review and know when to refer upwards Client focused and commercially aware Relationship management skills with ability to manage client expectations Team player with ability to build effective relationships at all levels Project management skills, plan and prioritize work, meet deadlines, monitor own budget Ability to solve problems creatively and pragmatically ACA/CA/ACCA/CTA; or Tax Inspectors with full Technical Training Course; or Law qualification Prepared to study for CTA qualification (if not already achieved) About our client Big 4 Chartered Accountants. What s on offer Competitive salary. Flexible benefits package.
