Title: Audit Manager
Full Description: An Audit Manager is required to join this progressive team based in Bristol, who have seen significant growth in this office in recent years. With a range of clients across the South West and further afield there is the need to externally attract the right professional in a role and firm offering genuine progression, career and financial reward. You will have a responsibility to manage the teams on assignment and ensure that they complete tasks on time and on budget. Onsite visits to larger clients will be a necessity and at all time you should be focussed on business development and marketing. Previous experience of working in a top tier practice is essential and it would be beneficial if you have previously been responsible for business development. The role will be responsible for manag  You will have a strong background in audit, gained within a Top 50/Mid tier or Top10/4 environment and be operating at audit manager level.  You will also have a proven track record of successful pitches and business development.  You will be ACA/CA/ACCA qualified with extensive audit experience, including large and small corporates. You should have strong commerciality with a proven track record of business development. Strong organisation, time management and communication skills are essential for this role. A leading firm of chartered accountants, with offices in Bristol undergoing continued positive growth and development. ****  **** Your application will be reviewed by Michael Page. Please be aware we receive a high volume of applications for every role advertised regularly receive applications from candidates who exceed the job credentials. We will only contact you within the next 14 days if you are selected for interview. Where specific UK qualifications are required we will take into account overseas equivalents. Michael Page is a world leading recruitment consultancy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/AuditManager_job****
