Title: Client Manager
Full Description: Joining as a Client Manager, based near Cheltenham with increasing client contact and portfolio management responsibility over time, you will be responsible for the provision of general practice services, across accounts, tax, corporate and personal, management accounts, VAT, payroll and bookkeeping to a highly varied client base of sole traders, partnerships and limited companies of varying sixe, turnover and industry area. You will be joining a close knit team of professional accounting staff in a supportive team focused environment. The partners/directors are looking for an individual looking for progression and development in their accounting career and you will have genuine opportunity and encouragement to develop further skills and add to your career. The partners/directors will consider a highly career driven and professional, qualified ACA, ACCA practice professional ,looking to further your career in practice.You will have developed skills across statutory accounts preparation, tax and other general practice services, with a background gained within the accountancy practice sector. A highly regarded firm of chartered accountants with clientst ranging in size, turnover and industry range across sole traders, partnerships and limited companies across Gloucestershire and further afield. With growth and ongoing development within the firm, excellent prospects for career development and progression is on offer. ****  **** plus benefits Your application will be reviewed by Michael Page. Please be aware we receive a high volume of applications for every role advertised regularly receive applications from candidates who exceed the job credentials. We will only contact you within the next 14 days if you are selected for interview. Where specific UK qualifications are required we will take into account overseas equivalents. Michael Page is a world leading recruitment consultancy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ClientManager_job****
