Digital Accountant- job post
Ormerod Rutter Chartered Accountants
7 reviews
Droitwich WR9
Full-time, Permanent

Job details
Matches job preferences you are interested in
Job type
Full-time
Permanent
Shift and schedule
Monday to Friday
Our Accounts team is made up of experienced, perceptive individuals who are passionate in their field, the knowledge in this team runs deep. Whilst offering advice and guidance, making it easy for clients to get what they need to make good accounting decisions.

About Ormerod Rutter

Since Ormerod Rutter began 35 years ago, the firm has grown to 7 offices across Worcestershire, we’re now one of the largest independent accountancy firms in the region. We provide all the services you’d expect from a top 10 firm, with the added benefits you would associate with a friendly practice at the heart of the local community.

Our 12 Partners and over 200 staff all have a shared vision to offer the highest customer care to our clients continuing to offer an innovative and progressive approach across a variety of services.

We support our team to build a career in the way they want it. We recruit motivated and energetic people who understand our values and have the drive to help achieve our goals. Committed to a culture of home-grown talent, working at Ormerod Rutter offers genuine career opportunity.

Responsibilities

Assisting clients in the maintenance of digital accounting records.
Conducting routine reconciliations and accounting adjustments whilst optimising digital app integration for efficiencies.
Implementing machine learning recognition processes where appropriate.
Performing ‘digital health checks’ on client’s financial data to identify areas of weakness and make suggestions for improvement.
Assisting clients with compliance requirements such as VAT returns.
Deliver client specific training and support for their cloud accounting needs
What we are looking for

To be considered for the role, they will need to have the following skills and experience:

A detailed working knowledge of Xero and other cloud accounting systems
Previous experience of working within a busy finance team (either in-house or in a practice)
Excellent communication and interpersonal skills
Strong organisational skills with a methodical approach to work
Excellent attention to detail
Ideally applicants will be AAT Qualified but this isn’t essential
Job Types: Full-time, Permanent

Benefits:

Company events
Company pension
Employee discount
Health & wellbeing programme
Referral programme
Schedule:

Monday to Friday
Work Location: One location