GSS Infotech - Chartered Accountant
GSS Infotech  Hyderabad, Telangana, India On-site 1 week ago  1 applicant

About the job
This job is sourced from a job board. Learn moreJd

Chartered Accountant

Expertise in Financial Statement Analysis which includes Analysis of Balance Sheet, Income Statement, Statement of Cash Flows, Schedules, Notes to Accounts.
Expertise in Performing and Overseeing Various Month End Closing Activities such as Revenue Recognition, Operational and Fixed Expenditure accruals, Inter-company adjustment entries, Amortization entries, Open items management.
Extensive Experience in Preparation & Analysis of monthly MIS for Corporate clients to facilitate Strategic decision making.
Hands on Experience in Preparing and Analyzing Capital Expenditure Reports (CAPEX) and Operational Expenditure Reports (OPEX) on periodic basis for Board of Directors / management of Corporate Entities.
Good exposure in IFRS 15 Revenue from Contracts, IAS 2 Inventories, IAS 7 Cash Flows, IAS 16 PPE, IAS 19 Employee Benefits, IAS 21 Foreign Exchange, IAS 36 Impairment of Assets, IAS 37 Provisions, IAS 38 Intangible Assets.
Experience in Budgeting and Forecasting for Income and Expenditure and conduct Variance Analysis with Actual and take corrective measures, Break-even Point Analysis.
Proficient in Goods and Service Tax (GST) monthly and Annual Return filing, Reverse Charge Mechanism, Input Tax Credit (ITC) rules, Valuation rules, GST refund rules.
Sound knowledge about Indian Customs rules and regulations for Import and Export Procedures, Import and Export Valuations, Foreign Trade Policies.
Expertise in Computation of Income Tax for Companies, Transfer Pricing issues, dealing in Assessment Procedures up to Commissioner level.
Excellent Interpersonal Skills, Commitment, Result oriented, Hardworking, with a quest and zeal to learn and undertake Challenging tasks

Education : ICAI

(ref:iimjobs.com)
Desired Skills and Experience
CA,Finance and Accounts,Accounting,Financial Analysis,Cash Management,Forecasting,Budgeting,Variance Analysis,IFRS,Financial Reporting