Accountant/Auditor For Professional Firm of Accountants- job post
Feltons
Birmingham B1
£25,000 - £30,000 a year - Full-time

Job details
Matches job preferences you are interested in
Salary
£25,000 - £30,000 a year
Job type
Full-time
Shift and schedule
Monday to Friday
We are an independent firm of Chartered Accountants (ICAEW) based in the Jewellery Quarter in Birmingham, a short walk from the city centre. We have a varied client base and we are a successful mixed practice. We have a substantial client base of academy and other education sector clients which are significant audit and accounting assignments whereby we report to trustees and eventually a government department. We are well regarded in the academy sector in Birmingham. We also have a substantial portfolio of private sector clients for which we undertake a wide variety of work including audit.

We are recruiting someone to add to our team and report to managers, supervisors, or partners as required. Our firm is a family orientated independent firm which promotes from within when the opportunities arise and we pride ourselves on our efficient, friendly and technically capable work for clients. We believe we are a very different small firm to most others in respect of our client base, the kind of work we do and the excellent way in which we deal with our staff and clients. Our partners have experience at international firms as well as independent accountancy practices.

Our very capable and friendly staff organise and run periodic social events and we believe that Feltons is somewhere for people with the desire to be part of a longer term future and who want to be ‘part of something’ instead of just another cog in a wheel. We get what it is that employees are looking for and we do our utmost to provide a challenging but happy and technically excellent work environment.

Applicants for this position will need to have:

· Minimum of 3-5 years working within a professional office

· Good accounting skills essential

· Good written and spoken English

· People friendly personality – it is a client facing role

· Driver and clean licence

· Very good IT skills, particularly Microsoft Office and any other relevant accounting software

· Audit experience preferable but not essential – we conduct in-house training

Job Types: Full-time, Permanent

Salary: £25,000.00-£30,000.00 per year

Schedule:

Monday to Friday
Work Location: In person