Financial Accountant
NetApp  Bangalore Rural, Karnataka, India On-site 1 month ago  30 applicants

About the job
About NetApp

We’re forward-thinking technology people with heart. We make our own rules, drive our own opportunities, and try to approach every challenge with fresh eyes. Of course, we can’t do it alone. We know when to ask for help, collaborate with others, and partner with smart people. We embrace diversity and openness because it’s in our DNA. We push limits and reward great ideas. What is your great idea?

"At NetApp, we fully embrace and advance a diverse, inclusive global workforce with a culture of belonging that leverages the backgrounds and perspectives of all employees, customers, partners, and communities to foster a higher performing organization." -George Kurian, CEO

Job Summary

The general ledger accountant position is accountable for managing period end lose activity, perform reconciliation, and balance sheet analysis, accruals, provision, amortizations and assist with various reporting requirements.

Principal Accountabilities-
Responsibilities include month end closing activities General accounting and ensure proper monthly/quarterly/annually reconciliations and balance sheet analysis.
Well versed with cost allocation activity, Subledger reconciliation and prepare various supporting package.
Hand on experience in Balance Sheet Reconciliation and Fixed Assets process.
This position will support the Management in all aspects of financial accounting, reporting systems, procedures, and the policies.
Accounting and review for accruals, provisions, and amortizations
Perform foreign currency revaluation accounting, consolidation of books and reviewing the financial reports.
Understanding of Lease ad ARO accounting.
The successful candidate will have a strong desire in innovating processes and exceed expectations in a dynamic, fast-paced environment.
Audit support internal and external audits.
Adhere to company accounting policies, US GAAP, and other external requirements.

Job Requirements
Prior experience in General accounting, Intercompany and Fixed Assets process is a strong plus.
A team player and detail-oriented person.
Zeal towards Operational Excellence/Process improvement & simplifications
Excellent knowledge of financial controls and procedures, and US GAAP knowledge
Ability to deal with ambiguity.
Good organizational skills, including prioritization and time management Ability to think and act both strategically and tactically.

Education
B. Com / M. Com – CA or CPA preferred
Min 5 to 9 years of experience