Control Management - Associate II
JPMorgan Chase & Co.  Mumbai, Maharashtra, India On-site 1 week ago  78 applicants

About the job
Job Responsibilities

In partnership with stakeholders, evaluate and perform an end-to-end analysis of the business' risk and control environment to identify significant gaps and weaknesses and determine root cause of control breaks
Assist the Business in ensuring that controls are properly designed, operating effectively, and essential to a proactive risk and control culture that leverages proven evaluation strategies and sound change management protocols
Perform ongoing review of metrics and work with the Business to proactively address emerging risks & implement appropriate controls where applicable
Be completely hands on with CORE, ensuring Processes, Risks & Controls are appropriately identified & mapped. Regular control design evaluation & performance evaluation is performed & right level of engagement is done with Business
Use Data Tools to sweep through the population to call out potential risks/ errors & proactively mitigate risks in conjunction with the Business
Develop the right level of stakeholder & cross-country/ Line of Business Operational Control Management partnership to initiate the control agenda successfully.
Handle internal/ external audits in conjunction with the Business. Help in putting together Control Forum/ Sr Management Decks

Required Qualifications, Skills And Capabilities

An experienced Control Manager/ Ops Manager with attention to detail and a risk mindset
A Chartered Accountant/ any other Accounting/ Audit certification is an added advantage
Knowledge of Automation Tools is an advantage
Ability to work with diverse Stakeholders/ Operations Control Management
Attitude to learn new things and readiness to the ground work

JPMorgan Chase & Co., one of the oldest financial institutions, offers innovative financial solutions to millions of consumers, small businesses and many of the world's most prominent corporate, institutional and government clients under the J.P. Morgan and Chase brands. Our history spans over 200 years and today we are a leader in investment banking, consumer and small business banking, commercial banking, financial transaction processing and asset management.

We recognize that our people are our strength and the diverse talents they bring to our global workforce are directly linked to our success. We are an equal opportunity employer and place a high value on diversity and inclusion at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of any protected attribute, including race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, marital or veteran status, pregnancy or disability, or any other basis protected under applicable law. In accordance with applicable law, we make reasonable accommodations for applicants' and employees' religious practices and beliefs, as well as any mental health or physical disability needs.