Payroll Apprentice- job post
Ormerod Rutter Chartered Accountants
7 reviews
Droitwich
Full-time, Apprenticeship

Job details
Matches job preferences you are interested in
Job type
Full-time
Apprenticeship
Shift and schedule
Monday to Friday
Ormerod Rutter are recruiting assertive and ambitious Apprentices for their Droitwich offices. Payroll is a thrilling, highly respected and well-rewarded profession. An apprenticeship is a fantastic route into the sector. It offers a great option for school leavers because you have an opportunity to get real work experience while you gain qualifications and earn a salary.

About Ormerod Rutter

Since Ormerod Rutter began over 35 years ago, the firm has grown to several offices across Worcestershire, we are now one of the largest independent accountancy firms in the region. We provide all the services you would expect from a top 10 firm; with the added benefits you would associate with a friendly practice at the heart of the local community.

Our 13 Partners and over 200 staff all have a shared vision to offer the highest customer care to our clients continuing to offer an innovative and progressive approach across a variety of sectors.

We support our team to build a career in the way they want it. We recruit motivated and energetic people who understand our values and have the drive to help achieve our goals. Committed to a culture of home-grown talent, working at Ormerod Rutter offers genuine career opportunity.

How do apprenticeships work?

An apprenticeship is split between employment with the firm and external studies. One day a week might be spent working towards qualifications; the rest is spent working developing practical and relevant skills.

Responsibilities:

Using professional payroll software to run weekly, monthly, and quarterly payroll runs, for clients
Processing starters and leavers information
Processing all statutory payments including Statutory Sick Pay (SSP), Statutory Maternity Pay (SMP) and Statutory Paternity Pay (SPP)
Completing various forms for internal administration and as required by HMRC
Processing year end payroll procedures, such as producing P60’s
Completing general administration work, such as electronic filing etc.
Administering client’s auto enrolment and workplace pension schemes
Developing and maintaining excellent client relationships to deliver the highest level of service
Essential qualifications/skills:

· 6 GCSEs at grade 5 or above including Maths and English

· Proven written and verbal communication skills

· Excellent customer service skills

· IT skills with a knowledge of Microsoft Office

· Organisational skills with the ability to work on your own initiative with an eye for attention to detail

· Full UK driving license

You will be:

A great team player
Flexible and enthusiastic approach
Self-motivated and hard working
Reliable and committed
· Ability to maintain a high degree of confidentiality

What we offer:

A competitive salary package
Full professional training contract with study package
28 days holiday increasing to 33 with service (including Bank Holidays)
Auto enrolment pension scheme option (if eligible)
This is not an exhaustive list of your duties, and you may be required to carry out other duties and tasks required for the efficient operation of the business.

Where possible we address every application. If you do not hear back from us, please consider your application unsuccessful.

Job Types: Full-time, Apprenticeship

Benefits:

Company events
Company pension
Employee discount
Health & wellbeing programme
Referral programme
Schedule:

Monday to Friday
Work Location: One location