Manager - Taxation-COR025864
Genpact  Gurugram, Haryana, India On-site 2 weeks ago  131 applicants

About the job
With a startup spirit and 90,000+ curious and courageous minds, we have the expertise to go deep with the world’s biggest brands—and we have fun doing it. We dream in digital, dare in reality, and reinvent the ways companies work to make an impact far bigger than just our bottom line. We’re harnessing the power of technology and humanity to create meaningful transformation that moves us forward in our pursuit of a world that works better for people. Now, we’re calling upon the thinkers and doers, those with a natural curiosity and a hunger to keep learning, keep growing. People who thrive on fearlessly experimenting, seizing opportunities, and pushing boundaries to turn our vision into reality. And as you help us create a better world, we will help you build your own intellectual firepower. Welcome to the relentless pursuit of better.

Welcome to the relentless pursuit of better.

Inviting applications for the role of Manager, Taxation

A Chartered Accountant with relevant years of work experiences in tax. Should have working knowledge of USGAAP Tax accounting/ ASC 740 concepts i.e., deferred taxes, current taxes, Fin 48 reserves and US corporate income tax. Candidate must also understand transfer pricing concepts. The responsibilities will include following.

Responsibilities

Quarterly (10Q) and Annual(10k) tax reporting including review of information received from regional teams and preparation/review of Quarterly and annual tax packs,
Handling SOX audit as part of quarter and year-end tax closing
Collating information from various stakeholders for preparation and finalization of quarterly and annual tax reporting files
Coordinating with the finance team for the information required for preparation of US corporate tax and state tax returns.
Collating information for finalization of transfer pricing reports

Qualifications we seek in you!

Minimum qualification

Chartered Accountant
Significant US tax reporting, tax compliance and transfer pricing experience.
International tax exposure (treaty interpretation etc.)

Preferred Qualifications

Candidate should have excellent written and verbal communication skills, good analytical and problem-solving skills. Should be able to work on strict deadlines, in a dynamic/ fast paced business environment while being a good team leader/ player.

Genpact is an Equal Opportunity Employer and considers applicants for all positions without regard to race, color, religion or belief, sex, age, national origin, citizenship status, marital status, military/veteran status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity, physical or mental disability or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws. Genpact is committed to creating a dynamic work environment that values diversity and inclusion, respect and integrity, customer focus, and innovation. For more information, visit www.genpact.com. Follow us on Twitter, Facebook, LinkedIn, and YouTube.

Job

Manager

Primary Location

India-Gurugram

Education Level

Bachelor's / Graduation / Equivalent

Job Posting

Apr 10, 2023, 12:35:51 PM

Unposting Date

Ongoing

Master Skills List

Corporate

Job Category

Full Time