Audit & Accounts Senior- job post
Crowe Watson Recruitment
Droitwich•Hybrid remote
£21,000 - £28,000 a year - Full-time

Job details
Matches job preferences you are interested in
Salary
£21,000 - £28,000 a year
Job type
Full-time
Shift and schedule
No weekends
Flexitime
Monday to Friday
Are you an ambitious individual with a passion for finance and a meticulous attention to detail? Crowe Watson Recruitment is working with a leading firm of Chartered Accountants based in Droitwich, offering a fantastic opportunity for an Audit & Accounts Semi Senior. This reputable firm prides itself on providing excellent client service and fostering a supportive, team-focused environment. As a key member of the team, you will be instrumental in helping the firm maintain its high standards of service and compliance.

Responsibilities:

Assisting in the planning, execution and finalisation of all areas of the audit assignment for review by the supervisor or manager.
Preparing accounts, tax returns, VAT returns and providing a business advisory service to clients.
Working on a wide range of clients from various industry sectors.
Building and maintaining strong relationships with clients.
Drafting reports highlighting issues and providing potential solutions.
Active engagement with client staff in the gathering of appropriate audit evidence.
Actively partaking in the audit planning discussions to identify risks and appropriate audit strategy.
Requirements:

ACCA/ACA part-qualified or fully-qualified, or equivalent.
Minimum of 2 years' experience in a similar role within a UK-based accountancy practice.
Demonstrable experience of leading audits of varying sizes.
Proficient in the use of MS Office Suite, particularly Excel.
Exceptional communication skills, both written and verbal.
Ability to work under pressure and meet tight deadlines.
Knowledge of UK GAAP, International Auditing Standards (UK and Ireland), Company Act 2006.
A full UK driving licence is desirable, but not essential.
With Crowe Watson Recruitment, you'll have the opportunity to grow and develop your career in a nurturing and dynamic environment. If you're committed to providing excellent client service and want to make a real difference to our clients, we'd love to hear from you.

Job Type: Full-time

Salary: £21,000.00-£28,000.00 per year

Benefits:

Company pension
Flexitime
Schedule:

Flexitime
Monday to Friday
No weekends
Experience:

Public Practice: 1 year (required)
Work authorisation:

United Kingdom (preferred)
Work Location: Hybrid remote in Droitwich

Reference ID: IN528