Senior Chartered Accountant
Sécheron SA  Bengaluru, Karnataka, India On-site 3 weeks ago  180 applicants

About the job
Sécheron Hasler Group continues the Swiss tradition of over 140 years in the field of railway technology. We are a leading global supplier of electrical and electronic safety components and solutions and traction power systems for the railway industry and also provide solutions for renewable energy, DC grid, and other industrial systems. The name Sécheron Hasler Group is worldwide synonymous with Swiss Quality and represents a leading reference for state-of-the-art products supplied to the market.

With more than 1200 employees worldwide, we are wherever our customers are around the globe. We supply products approved in our customers' countries or markets and deliver top-notch supply chain and customer services locally.

We are currently looking for a Senior Chartered Accountant for our office in Banglore, and for this position, we offer Hybrid work for a hard-working individual who pays attention to detail.

As a Senior Chartered Accountant, your daily tasks would be:

Accurately control and process supplier invoices and expense reports in the ERP AP module
Follow up of the invoices approvals to ensure timely processing
Perform closing activities for AP
Follow-up on supplier account and reminders
Prepare weekly payments
Preparation of monthly accounts, including month-end reporting
Monthly accruals calculations, intercompany accounts management and reconciliations, journal postings with an overall view over the General Ledger
Transactional back-up flexibility for other team members and openness to process AP, AR, treasury entries when needed
Cash forecast
Lead audit queries resolution
Financial processes improvement with related documentation and internal controls implementation
Work closely with the Head office (Geneva finance) on accounting and reporting harmonization, as well as timely response to queries
Statutory financial accounts filing, VAT and statistical reporting
Correct analytical coding as per requests by the controlling team
Perform accounts reconciliation


Requirements

As the ideal candidate you would have:



Mandatory:


ERP knowledge and experience (ideally Oracle Applications).
Chartered accountant accreditation.
Good knowledge of Excel.
English minimum B2.
Good level of understanding of taxation (income tax, company laws, etc...)
Good to have:


Teamwork capabilities in an international environment.
Attention to detail and high high-quality output.
Ability to work to demanding deadlines.
Ability to prioritise tasks in a complex environment.
Analytical and problem-solving skills, solution oriented.
At ease communicating with email and phone.


Benefits

At Secheron Hasler Group, we have flat hierarchies and encourage direct communication between departments and levels of management. This enables us to make decisions quickly.

We give our employees total responsibility for their job tasks. All employees are encouraged to take initiative and contribute to the company's operational excellence and have ample opportunities to achieve their personal and career growth objectives.

How to apply:

Do you have a positive attitude? Are you seeking a challenging and rewarding work environment? If this sounds like you, we look forward to receiving your application.

Sécheron Hasler Group is committed to creating a diverse & inclusive environment and hence welcomes applications from all sections of the community.

#Finance #Accountant #ERP #Oracle #Excel #tax #AP #newopportunities #opentowork

For more information, please visit our website: https://www.secheron.com/ You can also find us on LinkedIn.


Looking for different opportunities? Please visit our career site: career-opportunities - Sécheron (secheron.com)