Part Qualified Audit Trainee- job post
Cooper Parry
18 reviews
Birmingham•Remote
Permanent

Job details
No matching job preferences
Job type
Permanent
Our Audit team are on the lookout for keen and ambitious Part Qualified Audit Trainees / Student Chartered Accountants / Audit Seniors to come and join the team as we enter our next phase of growth. There has never been a better time to join us! So if you have a passion for what you do, keen to get stuck in the mix, keep learning and strive to be the best you, then we want to hear from you.

Our award-winning Audit team cover various specialities:

Pensions – supporting a variety of Pension Trustees and Administrators on several key areas like, unauthorised investment transactions, fictitious pensions and incorrect benefit payments
Not for Profit – supporting across the whole spectrum, from academies, independent schools and student unions, to charities, museums and cathedrals
Big Business - focus on larger and more complex clients. Covering a wide range from private equity backed businesses to AIM listed businesses as well as others who report under the IFRS
Private business - A broad, multi-industry client base; we service more privately-owned firms in the Midlands than anyone else
Whether you are looking to become specialist or want to keep things open and have a mixed portfolio, we have an opportunity waiting for you.

You will...

Work as part of a team to meet deadlines and contribute to help the team as a whole to meet its objectives and ensure client demands are exceeded
Manage a number of priorities to deliver high quality results
Proactively follow up on review points raised by the manager and completing them in a timely manner
Plan and organise effectively to ensure all client work is carried out within the appropriate timescales set by the manager and providing regular updates to the manager without being prompted
Provide technical expertise to ensure audit procedures performed are conducted to correct standard and accounts preparation is accurate
Be confident to seek guidance and support from colleagues and managers when required
Have the ability to problem solve to clear audit issues and be flexible to meet manager and client expectations
Manage your feedback and development, seek support from your line manager, and be open and honest
Whilst you continue to learn the ropes, we'll also support you with continuing your ACA/ACCA journey.

What you'll need...

Studying towards their ACA or ACCA qualification (at least have started 3rd year of study)
Experience in any industry/specialism, this could be Pensions, Not For Profit (NFP) Big Business, Private Owned Businesses or mixed portfolio
Great at relationship building as you will have the opportunity to work closely with the manager and the client and
A top notch problem solver, never settled with base level information and always ready to dig for the facts and find resolutions to problems
Approach your work with a positive attitude to perform above and beyond expectation
Our audit team is energetic, self-motivated, and dedicated to giving a first-class service to our clients. We challenge the status quo, deliver exceptional results, and have fun whilst doing it!

What's in it for you...

At Cooper Parry our mindset is simple. We put our people at the heart of our culture. Why? Pretty simple really… if our people love working here then then they do amazing work.

That’s why we offer things like:

Build your experience and skillset, leading more audits than you’d get at the largest firms
A client base packed with interesting and dynamic entrepreneurial businesses
A streamlined, client-focused auditing service free from unnecessary red tape
Empowered and entrusted to do what you do best, an employer that cares
Open holiday
No dress code - “Wear something!”
Incredible development and career growth - tailored training to help you learn and progress
A truly flexible approach to work balancing working from home, in office or at a coffee shop - “Work from Anywhere. Anytime. Forever”
You CAN have all that without the 70-hour working weeks and limited sleeps. There is another way –

we’ve evolved auditing. Our audits aren’t all about irritating nit-picking and endless meetings; they are built on an award-wining, consultative service that balances remote working with focused client visits.

We know everyone performs their best when they feel welcomed and supported to bring their whole selves to work. As an equal opportunities employer, we will work with you to ensure you have all you need to achieve your best.

Get in touch if you have any questions about our commitment to Diversity & Inclusion or about accessibility/accommodations during your application process.