Financial Accountant-FA
Bayer  Bengaluru East, Karnataka, India 2 days ago  99 applicants

About the job
At Bayer we’re visionaries, driven to solve the world’s toughest challenges and striving for a world where ,Health for all, Hunger for none’ is no longer a dream, but a real possibility. We’re doing it with energy, curiosity and sheer dedication, always learning from unique perspectives of those around us, expanding our thinking, growing our capabilities and redefining ‘impossible’. There are so many reasons to join us. If you’re hungry to build a varied and meaningful career in a community of brilliant and diverse minds to make a real difference, there’s only one choice.

Financial Accountant-FA

YOUR TASKS AND RESPONSIBILITIES:

Ensure FA activities are performed on time with compliance, adhering to the policies, guidelines and SLA’s
Ensure assigned Control framework activities are completed as per timelines & accurately and provide remediation in case of errors
Perform the role of Preparer & Approver of Balance Sheet Reconciliations
Review and update SD & DTP on a timely manner
PIV activity to be performed timely and accurately
Remediation plan, developing CAPA (corrective and preventive action plan)
Identify the automation and standardization areas and drive the same along with SME/Lead
Actively participate in the calls/discussions with customer (Internal & External) with a customer centric approach
Actively participate in Ad-hoc and org level activities

WHO YOU ARE:

B. Com/ MBA finance or any other suitable accounting degree.
Sound knowledge of accounting
Minimum 2 years' experience in P2P/O2C/R2R with hands on in SAP
Excellent knowledge of MS Office, SAP and T-Codes

Bayer does not charge any fees whatsoever for recruitment process. Please do not entertain such demand for payment by any individuals / entities in connection with recruitment with any Bayer Group entity(ies) worldwide under any pretext.

Please don’t rely upon any unsolicited email from email addresses not ending with domain name “bayer.com” or job advertisements referring you to an email address that does not end with “bayer.com”.

YOUR APPLICATION

Bayer is an equal opportunity employer that strongly values fairness and respect at work. We welcome applications from all individuals, regardless of race, religion, gender, age, physical characteristics, disability, sexual orientation etc. We are committed to treating all applicants fairly and avoiding discrimination.

Location: India : Karnataka : Bangalore

Division: Enabling Functions

Reference Code: 794376

Contact Us

022-25311234