Trainee Chartered Accountant- job post
Four squared recruitment
Droitwich
Permanent

Job details
No matching job preferences
Job type
Permanent
Location
Droitwich
Date Posted
12/12/2022
Employment Type
Permanent
Salary
Competitive
Job Ref
LWGRAD
Think all accountancy firms are the same? Think again…Ballards LLP is an entrepreneurial business that is passionate about helping our clients realise their goals and potential through providing a range of cutting-edge services and solutions. Whether you are looking for a role delivering strategic business advice, complex tax planning, or digital consultancy, we may have a rewarding and challenging career for you.

We offer fully funded study packages which means that you train to become a Chartered Accountant or Chartered Tax Advisor whilst you work.

Graduates at Ballards are practical, entrepreneurial, brave thinkers who thrive working on both team and individual tasks. For our 2023 intake, we are looking for Graduates who are interested in Accountancy, Audit, or Tax specialist areas.

Our three-year graduate programme will take you on a journey from Graduate to professionally qualified Chartered Accountant with the full support of colleagues, managers, mentors, and buddies.

In that time, you will pack in lots of learning and new experiences. You will study through ICAEW as part of a Level 7 apprenticeship programme and revise for your exams whilst working alongside experienced colleagues in the world of accountancy and consultancy. In turn, you will help us provide market leading business advice to support our clients’ growth.

You won’t be pigeonholed or limited in the exposure you receive – you will be given the opportunity to work on a variety of exciting projects from day one and help provide a great client service.

We know this journey will not be easy, but you’ll be given the support to achieve as much as you want to achieve, making this path both rewarding and challenging.

Working with clients in many different sectors, you will get a full understanding of the complete business lifecycle – this will also give insight into any area of accountancy you wish to specialise in.
SOUND GOOD?

To apply for our Graduate Programme or to find out more about a career at Ballards, contact Lauren Williams – lauren.williams@ballardsllp.com