finance accountant - 12 month fixed term contract
Starbucks  London, England, United Kingdom On-site 1 month ago  12 applicants

About the job
Job Purpose and Mission

To work as part of the Financial Accounting Team preparing monthly management and year-end financial accounts on a timely and accurate basis in compliance with relevant legal, accounting and tax regulations. Working closely with the local, EMEA & US accounting/finance teams, as well as key stakeholders in varying Starbucks business units.

Summary Of Key Responsibilities

Produce month end results for assigned P&L responsibilities – covering multiple entities.
Organises monthly meetings with the relevant stakeholders based on your assigned P&L responsibility area to discuss the progress of all day to day activity, unusual transactions & projects to support accounting implications
Preparation of accruals and other journals resulting from the monthly meetings with the relevant stakeholders
Produces month end variance analysis and commentary on assigned profit and loss lines and balance sheet with support schedules
Prepare and Reviews balance sheet reconciliations in line with the role and ensures their completeness in accordance with the period end timetable with appropriate supporting documentation.
Participate as required in the preparation of the quarterly VAT & the monthly Intrastat filing; assembling data for the monthly, quarterly and annual filings.
Accounting support to the business for your respective area along with support in reviewing contracts.
Comply with US GAAP and FRS101 filing requirements by studying regulations; adhering to requirements and reporting on differences between US GAAP &FRS 101
Review, record and report on internal process and the appropriate controls in place to remain compliant with Sarbanes Oxley (SOX) -
Support the annual internal and external audits.
Production of all required statutory account supporting schedules as required or assigned.
Updates job knowledge by keeping current with financial regulations and accepted practices; participating in educational opportunities; reading professional publications; maintaining personal networks; participating in professional organizations.
Billing support for the store development process for projects across the EMEA region

Key Contacts/Relationships

Key Contacts – Internal

Financial Accounting teams in US/EMEA
Business/support departments in the region
Internal Audit

Key Contacts – External

External Auditors – tax and accounting
HMRC / Dutch Tax Authorities
Suppliers
Franchise & Licensing Customers

Knowledge, Skills And Experience

Significant accounting experience in a large, multi site operation.
Exposure to both US and UK GAAP accounting.
Very strong systems skills, preferably with Oracle experience and advanced Excel highly desirable
CIMA / ACCA / ACA qualified with previous post qualified experience.
Strong double entry and book keeping knowledge is essential and a good understanding of management accounting
Database experience essential, Experience of database interrogation and reporting writing tools an advantage (Hyperion). Process reengineering, mapping skills an advantage and evolving in a fast paced, changing environment, within a system / process change setting
Intermediate level skills in MS Office applications, with advanced level experience of using Excel being essential.

This job description is only a summary of the typical functions of the role and is not an exhaustive or comprehensive list of all possible responsibilities, tasks, and duties that may be required. Management reserves the right to amend the responsibilities, tasks, and duties of the jobholder as dictated by business requirements.