Semi Senior Accountant- job post
Ormerod Rutter Chartered Accountants
7 reviews
Droitwich WR9
Full-time, Permanent

Job details
Matches job preferences you are interested in
Job type
Full-time
Permanent
Shift and schedule
Monday to Friday
Semi Senior Accountant

Our Accounts team is made up of experienced, perceptive individuals who are passionate in their field, the knowledge in this team runs deep. Whilst offering advice and guidance, making it easy for clients to get what they need to make good accounting decisions.

In this role your overall responsibility will be to prepare accounts with information provided by the client to a standard set by the institute of chartered accountants, at a level ready for review by Accounts Managers.

About Ormerod Rutter

Since Ormerod Rutter began 35 years ago, the firm has grown to 7 offices across Worcestershire, we’re now one of the largest independent accountancy firms in the region. We provide all the services you’d expect from a top 10 firm, with the added benefits you would associate with a friendly practice at the heart of the local community.

Our 12 Partners and over 200 staff all have a shared vision to offer the highest customer care to our clients continuing to offer an innovative and progressive approach across a variety of services.

We support our team to build a career in the way they want it. We recruit motivated and energetic people who understand our values and have the drive to help achieve our goals. Committed to a culture of home grown talent, working at Ormerod Rutter offers genuine career opportunity.

Responsibilities

To prepare accounts at a level ready for review
Visit clients’ premises if necessary to obtain information to complete accounts
To give assistance and training to junior members of staff
To follow all office procedures
Receiving telephone calls and messages and deal with as required
Essential qualifications/skills:

At least 2 years’ experience within a similar role in an accountancy practice firm
The ability to work with prestigious clients who require complete confidentiality
Strong communication skills
Exceptional interpersonal skills
The ability to self-manage and work autonomously
Desirable qualifications/skills:

Knowledge of CCH and strong MS office skills, particularly Excel
This is not an exhaustive list of your duties, and you may be required to carry out other duties and tasks, which may be required for the efficient operation of the business.

Where possible we address every application. If you do not hear back from us within 3 weeks please consider you have been unsuccessful.

Job Types: Full-time, Permanent

Benefits:

Company events
Company pension
Health & wellbeing programme
Referral programme
Schedule:

Monday to Friday
Work Location: One location