Consultant - Tax - National - Mobility - Standard - New Delhi
EY  Delhi, India On-site 1 week ago  64 applicants

About the job
Consultant Transaction Tax

Our transaction tax professionals advise companies and private equity investors on all tax aspects of their transactions. They assist clients with structuring transaction tax efficiently and undertake tax due-diligence reviews of potential targets. They also advise companies and promoters on restructuring their corporate structure, in order to achieve tax and regulatory efficiencies as well as achieve business objectives including succession planning. e you’ll work on a variety of transactions.

The opportunity

Transaction tax professionals look after clients of all sizes across all industries, working closely with colleagues in different service lines around the world. In this dynamic and fast-moving environment, you’ll work on a variety of transactions.

This range from acquisitions of small family-owned businesses to significant, newsworthy deals, including acquisitions, disposals, mergers, de-mergers, joint ventures, refinancing or stock exchange transactions. Each will help you develop the skills and knowledge you need to develop your career.

Your Key Responsibilities

Your main objective is to help the Transaction tax team deliver quality deliverables using tax knowledge gained from training and assistance from more experienced tax professionals. Contribute to the profitable growth by ensuring client engagements are executed in an efficient manner.

Your client responsibilities
Conduct the engagement in a professional manner and in accordance with client expectations and as defined by the terms and conditions of the contract
To the extent you have client contact, build productive working relationships with your clients
Your people responsibilities
Exhibit positive attitude and demonstrate willingness to learn
Contribute and leverage knowledge from individuals, databases and other sources
Provide timely and high quality services and work products
Mentoring and coaching interns
Operational Excellence / Day to day responsibilities
Research and analysis of transaction tax related laws (such as domestic and international tax, corporate laws, SEBI, FEMA, Competition Act, stamp duty laws etc.) on inbound and outbound deals, corporate reorganizations, securities market aspects, etc.
Research on tax theory and positions, and apply them to specific client needs
Prepare deliverables capturing implications arrived on the basis of above research, in word, PowerPoint, excel or email form as required
Perform direct tax diligence (this involves scrutinizing past tax issues, record, compliance, etc. of the target) and capture the facts and analysis in a diligence report
Use and apply the right tax practice processes and tools to be as efficient as possible in your work
Be updated on latest developments and share articles on industry trends
Maintain and keep upto date records of internal documents / working papers
Preparing training presentation on recent regulatory developments

Skills And Attributes For Success

A qualified CA with tax experience either during internship or post qualification
Ability to handle multiple projects simultaneously & Attention to detail
Positive attitude and responsible and ability to handle pressure
Willingness to travel locally and outside city for work

To qualify for the role you must have

Qualified Chartered Accountant
Preferred: If above person also has some experience in transactions / restructurings

Ideally you’ll also have

Strong communication, facilitation, relationship-building, presentation and negotiation skills.
Be highly flexible, adaptable, and creative.
Comfortable interacting with senior executives (within the firm and at the client)
Strong leadership skills and supervisory responsibility.

What We Look For

People with the ability to work in a collaborative way to provide services across multiple client departments while adhering to commercial and legal requirements. You will need a practical approach to solving issues and complex problems with the ability to deliver insightful and practical solutions.
