Management Accountant- job post
Ormerod Rutter Chartered Accountants
7 reviews
Droitwich WR9•Hybrid remote
Full-time, Permanent

Job details
Matches job preferences you are interested in
Job type
Full-time
Permanent
Shift and schedule
Monday to Friday
Holidays
We have an opportunity that gives progression and scope to develop as a management accountant in a broad and exciting role.

About Ormerod Rutter

Since Ormerod Rutter began 35 years ago, the firm has grown to 6 offices across Worcestershire, we’re now one of the largest independent accountancy firms in the region. We provide all the services you’d expect from a top 10 firm, with the added benefits you would associate with a friendly practice at the heart of the local community.

Our 12 Partners and over 200 staff all have a shared vision to offer the highest customer care to our clients continuing to offer an innovative and progressive approach across a variety of services.

We support our team to build a career in the way they want it. We recruit motivated and energetic people who understand our values and have the drive to help achieve our goals. Committed to a culture of home-grown talent, working at Ormerod Rutter offers genuine career opportunity.

Based in Droitwich you will be in a fast-paced client facing team providing a variety of management accounts information and support to a portfolio of clients.

Ideally, you'll be an ambitious and self-motivated individual happy to get involved in any tasks that are allocated to the team, who also possesses a commercial awareness to undertake activities in an efficient manner. Experience of working in a practice environment is preferred but not essential.

As a Management Accountant, your primary role will be the production of regular financial reporting for clients – monthly, quarterly, bi-annually or adhoc. The reports will include profit and loss and balance sheets, together with supporting working papers. There will occasionally be a need to produce financial forecasts to support investment applications by clients.

The Management Accounts team also provides support in other areas to our clients and colleagues as necessary, therefore the individual will need to have a flexible attitude and be adaptable to changing circumstances. We are also looking to develop and implement new procedures so the individual needs to be forward thinking and confident to contribute to this process.

Person specification

You will have great excel skills and be familiar with the leading accounts software – Sage and Xero. You will also be extremely organised, self-motivated, able to work to deadlines and quick to develop a sound knowledge of the wider business. The work will be a mix of office and client based, so you will need to travel and adapt the working day to meet the needs of the client and the business.

This is not an exhaustive list of your duties, and you may be required to carry out other duties and tasks, which may be required for the efficient operation of the business.

If you would like to be considered, please provide a full CV with applications.

Where possible we address every application. If you do not hear back from us within 3 weeks, please consider you have been unsuccessful.

Job Types: Full-time, Permanent

Benefits:

Company events
Company pension
Employee discount
Health & wellbeing programme
Referral programme
Schedule:

Holidays
Monday to Friday
Work Location: One location