Assistant Financial Controller
The Citco Group Limited  Pune, Maharashtra, India Hybrid 2 days ago  117 applicants

About the job
Description

Assistant Financial Controller

Pune

About Citco

Citco is a global leader in fund services, corporate governance and related asset services with staff across 80 offices worldwide. With more than $1 trillion in assets under administration, we deliver end-to-end solutions and exceptional service to meet our clients’ needs.

For more information about Citco, please visit www.citco.com

About The Team & Business Line

Citco Group provides services to our Citco Group of Companies and helps business to succeed in client service excellence.

As a valuable member of our Finance team, you will work closely with internal stakeholders and cross-functional teams to support business operations and help them to achieve their goals.

Your Role

Oversee and manage the day to day accounting activities of the Finance function on HYD location.
Accountable for the month end process and ensuring all deliverables and reporting requirements are met
Month end review of balance sheet accounts and reconciliations
Review of month end commentaries
Supervise the preparation of the financial statements and reports
Manage the annual tax processes and ensure compliance to regulatory requirements like TDS and GST.
Responsible for both internal and external audits
Maintain a healthy cash flow for all legal entities under your scope.
Engage with other Finance functions to ensure seamless flow of information between teams
Liaise with Tax and Legal to maintain legal documentation, e.g. SLAs and tax requirements
Responsible for managing the relationship between the shared service center and local offices to ensure maintenance of monthly reporting and corporate processes and procedures
Implement new processes and procedures and ensure adherence with group policies
Develop strong relationships with the key stakeholders internal and external.
Mentor and develop the finance team members.
Ad hoc duties/projects as requested
Experience in dealing with auditors and consultant from Big 4.
Experience in dealing and maintaining good relation with Bankers.

About You

Bachelor degree in accounting, finance or business
Qualified chartered accountant with good technical accounting skills
At least 8 years post qualification of finance and accounting experience within an operational environment
A minimum of 3 years’ experience in running a controller function with a team size of approx. 2-3 staff
Proficient in Microsoft Office with good use and knowledge of Excel
Working knowledge and experience with Oracle / ERP an advantage
Experience working and providing services to entities operating in Indian jurisdiction.
Self-starter , proactive and problem solving approach.

Our Benefits

Your wellbeing is of paramount importance to us, and central to our success. We provide a range of benefits, training and education support, and flexible working arrangements to help you achieve success in your career while balancing personal needs. Ask us about specific benefits in your location.

We recognize diversity as a source of organizational pride and strength. We have made it a priority to reflect our nation’s evolving diversity in the people we hire, and the culture we create in our organization.

Citco welcomes and encourages applications from people with disabilities. Accommodations are available upon request for candidates taking part in all aspects of the selection.