Senior Tax Accountant
bennettbrooks  Northwich, England, United Kingdom Hybrid 3 days ago  11 applicants

About the job
We are seeking to recruit an experienced Personal Tax Senior to join our very busy team based in Northwich on a full-time basis.


Reporting to the Client Director, the successful candidate will be responsible for managing a portfolio of personal tax clients and subsequent tax activities including planning, compliance and preparation of personal tax returns.


Purpose of the role:

The main purpose of the role is to provide advice to clients in relation to personal tax matters. The successful candidate must understand tax legislation, compliance with relevant laws and the impact this has on a business. They must also be commercially aware and able to identify opportunities to minimise the personal tax bills of their clients.



Responsibilities include liaison with HMRC and completion of all required government documents relating to taxes.



Personal Tax Senior role, duties and responsibilities:


Effectively manage a portfolio of personal tax clients, building a positive working relationship with clients and the practice
Liaise with clients to provide the appropriate information required in a timely manner.
Plan, prepare and execute client personal tax returns in accordance within specified deadlines
Ensure tax liability is correctly calculated and communicated to the client accordingly.
Responsible for the completion of client P11D forms and submission of these to HMRC.
Liaise with HMRC and other third parties on behalf of the client.
Maintain current working knowledge of tax laws and regulations, including new filing practices, deadlines, and any company-specific information.
Record chargeable time daily and, where required, to work within fee budgets.
Review work by junior colleagues / trainees within the team
Undertake such other duties that are required commensurate with the role


The ideal candidate:

Previous experience in a similar role within an accounting practice, dealing with all aspects of personal tax
Able to work on own initiative but also a good team player with great interpersonal skills which will be required to work in a small dedicated team.
Highly organised and a good planner with efficient time management and able to work under pressure at certain times of the year.
Tax or accountancy qualifications or working towards would be an advantage. Opportunity for further study would be available to the right person.
Happy to assist colleagues with their portfolios, where there are workflow pressures.
Be able to deliver 'right first time' tax returns and accompanying letters for review.
Able to undertake appropriate research on own initiative when presented with unfamiliar issues but equally happy to ask colleagues for advice.


Benefits and other

Competitive salary and performance related bonus scheme
36 days holiday inclusive of bank/pubic holidays and Christmas closure
Option to buy/sell a maximum of 5 days holiday
Flexible/Hybrid working
Employee assistance programme (which includes; Life support, Legal information, Bereavement support, Medical Information, CBT & Managerial Support.
Pension scheme – 4% employer contribution
Life assurance cover
On-site parking (head office base)