GL Assistant Accountant- job post
Pilgrim's Food Masters
(part of JBS)
3,615 reviews
Warwick•Hybrid remote
Full-time

Job details
Matches job preferences you are interested in
Job type
Full-time
GL Assistant Accountant
Accounting
Accountant - Chartered / CPA
Warwick, United Kingdom
Permanent / Full Time
26/5/2023

We have recently announced the creation of Pilgrim’s Shared Services, a fourth stand-alone company, which will bring together some of the support functions of our current three businesses (Moy Park, excluding France and Netherlands, Pilgrim’s UK & Pilgrim’s Food Masters). Its purpose is to deliver a high-quality shared service to those three businesses.

As the business grows, this shared service will broaden opportunities for career development as part of a far larger organisation. We will also continue our investment in technology to drive efficiencies and improved ways of working.


Job Purpose

One of the key short-term objectives of Pilgrim’s Shared Services Ltd is to replace the services currently supplied by Kerry Business Services to Pilgrims Food Masters. This leads to the creation GL assistant accountant roles reporting to the GL accountant within the business unit team. The purpose of the new roles will be to:

To provide accurate and timely financial information to key stakeholders. These will include the RTR BU lead, GL Accountants, Group Finanical Controller RTR and other teams within Financial Services and the wider business.
Operating withing the RTR stream, the GL assistant accountant will work closely with site accountants & key stakeholders to support the preparation of monthly overhead accounts & deliver on the financial performance of the business unit and subsequent reporting.
This role is an interesting and diverse role and will suit someone who is flexible and adept at problem solving.
The role will feed into ensuring that all relevant SOx controls are completed in the area.

Job Responsibilities
Reporting to the GL Accountant this role will be working as part of a team producing financial reporting for a defined business unit.
Reporting outputs will include monthly, quarterly, and annual financial information and associated reporting to Pilgrims US
Supporting & producing overhead reporting for various departments withing the shared service company.
Complete all reporting in line with established group timetables.
The GL assistant accountant will support the delivery key balance sheet a/c reconciliations which will feed into the overall entity reconciliations.
The GL assistant accountant will work with other members of the finance team to ensure consistency of working across the business units and to ensure best practice is implemented and followed.
Operate with the highest standards of financial integrity and demonstrate each of the company values to a high level.
Work as part of a highly motivated team, supporting other members of the team.
To carry out other duties that may reasonably be requested of you to ensure the efficient running of the Pilgrim’s Shared Services Centre.

Candidate Requirements
Part qualified accountant or at least 2 years’ experience of accounts preparation.
Demonstrable technical knowledge.
Ability to build working positive relationships with key stakeholders & colleagues.
A team player who can work collaboratively across business units.
Strong IT skills including Microsoft Excel, PowerPoint, and Outlook.
Strong interpersonal & planning skills.

What's in it for you?
Competitive salary & employee benefits platform
Access to the employee assistance program
Flexible, hybrid working environment.

Our values are at the heart of our business and drive everything we do. Availability is key as we are receptive and open and prepared to take on new challenges. Humility is important to us as we listen and respect each other and value opinions of others. Discipline is vital to fulfil commitment internally and externally. We need to be truthful to each other and respectful of other opinions, so Sincerity drives us. At Pilgrim’s we focus on what’s practical and important so through Simplicity, Ownership and Determination brings success. All these core values culminate into our vision which is: To be the best and most respected company in our industry, creating the opportunity of a better future for our team members.