Financial Controller (Financial Reporting)
Revolut  United Kingdom Remote 1 week ago  Over 200 applicants

About the job
About Revolut

People deserve more from their money. More visibility, more control, more freedom. And since 2015, Revolut has been on a mission to deliver just that. With an arsenal of awesome products that span spending, saving, travel, transfers, investing, exchanging and more, our super app has helped 28+ million customers get more from their money. And we're not done yet.

As we continue our lightning-fast growth, we believe that two things are essential to continuing our success: our people and our culture. So far, we have 6000+ people working around the world, from our great offices or remotely, on our mission. And we're looking for more. We want brilliant people that love building great products, love redefining success, and love turning the complexity of a chaotic world into the simplicity of a beautiful solution.

About The Role

Finance team is an important part of every business. But not at Revolut – the global financial super app leans on its Finance team. They’re more than “an important part of business” – they’re our backbone ⭐

Internal accounting? Yeah, that’s good for a start. Supporting all areas of the company and assessing financial implications from various key strategic decisions and growth opportunities – this is what those peeps do all day long 🏦

The Group Financial Reporting function is looking for a Controller. You'll be part of a team who are the go-to for all things reporting, like the company annual financial statements 🤓

You'll be selecting and implementing Group accounting policies, an expert on regulation and best practice, assessing the accounting implications of new products and services, and being an all-round technical accounting whizz, to support our teams across the globe 🌍

Ready, set, apply! 👇

What You’ll Be Doing
Driving high standards of financial reporting across the business through the development of financial reporting controls and processes as well as the application of technical accounting and reporting requirements
Reporting on the Group’s external financial requirements, including annual financial statements: selecting and implementing the Group’s accounting policies, ensuring that the Group’s financial statements comply with the relevant requirements and best practice, assessing the accounting implications of new products and services, and providing technical accounting support and advice to the relevant business and financial control teams across the world
Dealing with complex accounting issues and write technical accounting papers for both internal and external stakeholders
Providing advisory support from a financial reporting and technical accounting perspective for the launch of new products, M&A transactions and corporate restructuring activities
Supporting the ongoing development of our financial reporting, processes and controls within the existing Group Financial Reporting function to help us ensure that the objectives of the Group and the financial reporting and control needs of the regulated entities continue to be met in a cost effective, controlled and efficient manner

What You'll Need
5+ years of experience in financial reporting requirements, either within practice (preferably with recent experience of providing IFRS accounting advisory services), or within a financial reporting role in industry
Proven experience of applying IFRS technical accounting and financial reporting in a complex and regulated environment
Experience of SEC financial reporting requirements for Foreign Private Issuers (“FPIs”)
Chartered Accountant (ACA or equivalent)
At least a 2:1 degree from a top university
Hands-on and positive attitude – the will to give everything a go, from drafting accounting technical papers to cross-company global projects
Excellent organisation skills: the ability to plan and organise work efficiently

Nice to have
STEM or Economics Education
Financial Reporting Advisory experience within one of the big four accounting firms
Previous experience in fast moving FinTech organisation or a top-tier retail banking/PE, fast growing start-up and within a regulated business environment